 Welcome guys, this is game one between Yo and Veliz,
 and we've got Yo in red playing as the Tars,
 and Veliz in blue as the Ethiopians.
 T9, I've been practicing my intros, bro.
 I feel like I'm smurfing it, to be honest.
 - All right, well, not bad, dude, not bad.
 I've seen a lot of laming on this map, Hara,
 so before we talk about some of these other things,
 look at this, Velez, coming forward,
 he did this against his opponent yesterday,
 and he is gonna take the elephant right back to his base.
 - Dude, I think though, while it looks good,
 like he takes an elephant, I almost think,
 oh, he takes an elephant, what?
 Wow.
 - Why, was there, did it start going back?
 'Cause that was weird to me
 that he went back to get two more hits.
 - Yeah, so what happened there is he hit it only once,
 he thought he hit it twice at first, he hit it only once,
 then he had to go back and get two more hits,
 'cause that's how it works nowadays, so.
 Yeah, and I was just gonna say,
 I don't even think it's worth it to lame on this map
 because your opponent still has two boars here, so.
 - Yeah, I agree.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, I said the same thing yesterday,
 but as I was saying that, Velez stole one,
 and then also Jordan stole one,
 so I was like, what do I know?
 Because both of these guys are doing it,
 but it's especially bad now.
 To have that low HP scout means
 you can't even comfortably move around their base
 to see how many they have on wood,
 or how many they have on certain resources,
 so that's something Yo will obviously
 not know at this point,
 and he might still choose to decide
 to just steal this one back
 if he senses the other one was stolen.
 But so far, he's just letting it chill out there.
 - That means that Yo guarantee thinks
 that it's not worth laming on this map,
 because you definitely take that elephant,
 there's no one around, you probably know you got lamed.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - You'd have to assume, so.
 It would seem as if Yo is very comfortable,
 and he's just gonna take the sheep.
 Yeah, he's very comfortable not actually laming the elephant,
 he wants his full HP scout,
 and I definitely think that has a lot of advantages to it.
 Velez on three HP, one hit away from losing his scout.
 - Really dangerous.
 - I think part of it too for Yo is he's Tatars,
 so you get 50% more food on your sheep.
 Now maybe he would have considered stealing one back there
 if he wasn't Tatars,
 but I think with two elephants, which is 800 food,
 plus the extra food on the sheep,
 I think he kind of makes up for it actually.
 I'm not gonna do the math,
 I know our viewers are gonna do the math,
 'cause we're gonna be bad at that,
 but I think that actually makes up the difference,
 or at least very close to it.
 - It's at least enough to get started,
 I mean a lot of the part about early laming
 is just simply about getting a better feudal age,
 but if you're able to survive in feudal age,
 you're gonna be totally fine.
 I think what's interesting is Velez might actually
 try to fast castle, being Ethiopians and having four boars,
 I would say that's the only way I can see it being,
 a huge difference, is if he lands a fast castle.
 I just don't know if that's good on this map.
 - Yeah, I think it's gonna be risky.
 Now what is good for Velez here is he sees the,
 oh, oh, okay, I thought that Yo
 was gonna chase down the scout and he still might,
 but he at least sees the gold.
 A big focus on this map has not really been the berries,
 because there's berries on either side,
 but it's been the gold.
 And yeah, Yo realizes that scout is weak.
 Oh man, this is gonna,
 I don't know if he can make it back here, Hero,
 but this is already something Velez is regretting, I'm sure.
 - Dude, running through the forest is so scary.
 I think he should be fine, but yeah,
 it's just like now that Yo knows about that,
 he knows the situation perfectly,
 he's obviously done an elephant,
 but he knows that he's gonna be able
 to win any feudal age engagement here.
 I just wonder how Velez is gonna play this one, actually,
 being down that HP, 'cause you can't really met an arm rush.
 That's the worst thing to do
 when you don't have a scout, in my opinion.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - You can't block villagers, so.
 - Yeah, you can't block villagers,
 and also your opponent is gonna be able to prep with walls,
 because they can confidently move their scout in
 where they need it to be.
 In theory, obviously.
 He's gonna go for the mill here.
 I was thinking maybe there's a world
 where he could have gone for the mining camp
 as his second building.
 I've seen that occasionally from some of the players
 who are going fast up archers,
 and he's got 600 food underneath his TC right now,
 and he's about to click up the feudal.
 He doesn't even need that much food for archers.
 - That's what I'm saying.
 It feels like a waste, eh?
 I just give him back the HP on my scout.
 - Yeah.
 - It's all gonna rot, basically.
 Yeah, it's such an interesting thing, though,
 'cause we've talked about laming.
 I feel like it's been the hot topic
 around tournaments for a long time.
 We thought about banning it,
 but in these days, with the maps that are coming out,
 it almost feels like laming sometimes is strong
 and sometimes isn't worth it.
 - Yeah.
 - Players need to make that distinction, I think.
 - Yeah, I think as long as the balance is there, right?
 As long as the way the map is situated,
 as the scout will finally go down for Velez.
 Oh, okay.
 Well--
 - Oh, another chase scene, okay.
 - Yeah, another chase scene as we talk.
 I think laming is fine.
 That's my opinion, as long as the map
 isn't completely brutal and everything's,
 you know, spawning on the front, et cetera, et cetera.
 But here goes Yo.
 He's on the way up.
 It will be faster for Velez,
 but good job from Velez to at least get decent scouting.
 And he scouted where the gold was.
 He scouted the barracks.
 So that's not something I would have expected him
 to get away with, with a scout on three HP.
 - Yeah, he definitely needs some credit there
 because he was really threading the needle there
 with what he could get away with.
 And it seems like he will actually get away with it.
 Back to the TC.
 Yo has to be a little bit careful here.
 Moves aside last second.
 Love how Velez is setting up his map, actually.
 - Left one area for the range in the front,
 and he's gonna be completely securing that gold,
 which is, that's as good as it gets, really.
 I mean, that's perfect, I would say.
 - Well, Yo built his barracks in the south.
 So now he can't really see what's going on in the north.
 This is what's awkward about this map.
 And Velez can.
 So Velez just passed right through his own base,
 is heading over to see where Yo will place his range.
 And I think the correct move for Yo
 is to make the range in the north,
 but he's not even taking gold here, Hara.
 So now I'm not even thinking,
 I mean, I think range opening into Skurms
 could be an idea for Yo,
 but I'm not 100% on that right now.
 - Yeah, it's basically 50/50 between Skurms and Skurms,
 based on what he wants to do,
 but it's gonna be Skurms in the end,
 up against TC Opens.
 Two ranges, that's interesting.
 I would not have expected that.
 - Two ranges, also walls in the south
 are gonna protect his berries.
 Against range units could be a bit of a concern, of course.
 But I'm just, I still feel like
 if I were to have been in Velez's shoes,
 I would have lost my scout already,
 and I'd be going blind.
 And the fact that he now sees the range,
 and he knows that Yo is probably opening Skurms,
 because Yo is not on gold, is just insane to me.
 It's, he's operating as if he has a full HP scout right now.
 - Yep, and in fact, even baiting Yo
 in takes the spearmint hit,
 Velez is playing so well there with that scout.
 And now he's gonna be pushing in,
 he's not gonna be able to accomplish too much here,
 but I do like the fact that he's kind of going forward
 just to see what's happening.
 Sees the double range, sees the production,
 and finally that scout goes down here for Yo.
 I can sense him getting a little agitated with that guy
 as time went on, honestly.
 - Yeah, I mean, Yo, he's got the mentality
 to get past a lot, not that that's the biggest thing,
 but after being down three games versus ACCM,
 I just kind of assumed that it wasn't Yo's day yesterday.
 It was just like, okay, this sucks,
 you know, Yo's a big name, but you know,
 there's no way he's gonna fight back four games, whatever.
 And that's exactly what he did, so.
 - Dude, as a player that kind of struggles
 with that kind of mentality, I would say
 I don't have the mental strength to come back
 in a lot of these series, seeing that it's just so like,
 oh, borderline inspirational,
 I don't wanna get cheesy on you, but.
 That's actually sick, to come back four games
 is not a best of five, best of seven.
 - Also, I hope this doesn't come off the wrong way,
 and players might not even view it this way,
 but if it was like a $100,000 tournament,
 LAN or something, you know,
 then you kind of expect the most fight.
 But you know, there was a $400 difference between
 losing that series 4-0 and coming back
 and winning four games in a row.
 That's a lot of money, don't get me wrong,
 but like, Yo still said, who cares, I'm gonna go for it.
 And I think a lot of players could have just rolled over
 and just enjoyed the rest of their evening.
 It was like a four hour set, because he came back,
 so he really had self-belief.
 - Yeah, I actually think Yo's the kind of guy
 to try the same, like just as hard, if it's a ranked game,
 like a tournament or like a $100,000 tournament,
 $10,000 tournament, he's trying like just as hard
 to win every set.
 - Yep, which is great.
 - That's why he's in his position, you know,
 he doesn't give up no matter the circumstances or situations.
 But yeah, I definitely get your point there,
 and I love to see that fight nonetheless.
 - Yeah, at the same time, if ACCM's listening,
 we feel for you, dude, we feel for you,
 but obviously a lot of opportunities coming for him,
 so okay, so very little investment from Velez
 after seeing the double range.
 He stayed on one range, and he's clearly trying
 to macro his way towards Castle Age here,
 and I think this is the correct move.
 If he were to over-make Archers,
 it would be going into Skurms,
 and wouldn't find a lot of success right now.
 And I also think it's the correct move for Yo
 to stop making Skurms, because he's not gonna
 break through walls with just Skirmishers.
 - Yep, yep, save the resources, get the Castle Age,
 and then make Skurms again, if you know,
 if that's the unit you wanna commit to.
 Definitely makes a lot of sense.
 I will say the one mistake from Velez
 that I really don't like is the fact that he got Fletching.
 You know, at what point, T90,
 did he actually have a chance to do damage?
 I feel like that was definitely just a waste of resources.
 Better to save that, click up,
 and then pick up Fletching afterwards.
 Little bit sharper there, but it's okay.
 Small mistake there.
 - Yep, and you know, the timing is gonna be huge
 on this map due to the stone positions,
 and I was just, or gold position, sorry.
 And the reason I said stone is because Velez
 is selling his stone, and that could be a talking point here
 because both golds are rangeable by enemy army,
 and there's a world where if Elite Skirm and Siege is there,
 he might wanna tower later on.
 - Feel like selling stone has become such a big thing
 in the meta these days, not only on Arabia,
 but also on these maps, here we have it on Sunburn,
 and it just allows you to get that little edge
 in terms of like, you know, it's a difference
 between you attacking or you defending in a lot of cases
 here, and it feels like now with the second range,
 it's almost definitely gonna be archers and mangonels
 from Velez here.
 - Yep, but I mean, that time window is huge here.
 Crossbow and bodkin does research, or Crossbow, sorry,
 researches faster than Elite Skirm,
 and if you can just get the Siege Workshop up,
 which, hold on, Yo's gonna, did Yo,
 does Yo know that his opponent sold stone?
 Is he in Velez's head right here?
 - Wait, does he have a market?
 - He doesn't have a market, so he'd have no way
 to know for sure, it's definitely just a guess
 if that's what he thought, but it's possible.
 - Well, he needs his Skirms there,
 'cause otherwise he could lose his villagers,
 but I think he can complete that tower,
 that's actually so sick.
 - That's super intelligent, by the way,
 'cause I wanna ask him if there's ever an interview
 in this case, you know, did you know that your opponent
 sold stone and that's why you went for that forward tower,
 because usually you just counter tower and it's fine,
 but now Velez has pushed off gold.
 - Yeah, and it's just like the timing of it too,
 it's like, okay, he must not have stone,
 but he's gonna be faster than me.
 This is as if he's listening to us,
 clearly he's not, just be clear, you know,
 that one person who's gonna be like, oh yeah.
 - Yeah, yeah, I heard T9 say that Yo was stream cheating
 during the tournament, you know?
 - Oh man, that sucks for Velez, but he does receive
 plus 100 food and plus 100 gold being Ethiopians,
 and he is gonna take the other gold on the other side,
 so that's a good job for Velez to not engage against that,
 I feel, and he still should be okay.
 - Dude, this is like a mega smart move from Mr. Yo,
 though I would have never thought of that myself,
 and right now it went from Velez having the map control
 in early Castle Age to now it's complete control for Yo,
 but Velez is still contesting it,
 he's going for a counter attack, guys,
 he doesn't wanna give it up that easily,
 and Yo actually has a hole and an exposed gold mine,
 so this is very, very risky here.
 - Oh true, yeah, I think Yo is expecting Velez
 to just be sitting back, and so, oh man, this is like,
 I feel like what we're witnessing from Yo
 is what happens to me every other game.
 Really good play, like oh yeah, I cast a thousand games,
 I'm a beast, and then suddenly, big error,
 and oh man, oh geez, this hurts.
 - This is gonna come down to reaction,
 okay, he's reacting properly,
 now he's pulling all the votes at the town center,
 he needs to get his scrims back,
 and you know what, this could actually be really bad
 for Velez if he's not careful here.
 - True, true, and there's no ballistics, right?
 And now Velez's only way to escape,
 he needs to try and shoot through the Palisade walls,
 but the only way to escape if he doesn't go
 through a new hole is back where he came from,
 and here comes Yo.
 - Breaking on the other side,
 he knows how dangerous his situation is,
 Yo is gonna chase him with the scrims,
 and Velez has to run away here,
 but he's gonna take some losses for sure.
 - Yeah, that's a little unfortunate for Yo, I guess,
 that he wasn't able to trap the entire army,
 but he is gonna be able to track this down.
 He doesn't have armor at all,
 he doesn't even have Feudalage armor on the scrims though,
 so Velez could in theory focus this all down,
 and the game will continue, pretty even one here, Hera,
 obviously, Velez has to prep for what could be a siege push
 for Yo on the front.
 - I think the big thing here is that,
 when all is said and done with this whole crossbow
 counterattack, Mr. Yo has that hill in front of
 Velez's base, and it feels like he's not even
 in a rush to push, he's even getting a market down,
 kinda just shilling, he wants that hill,
 and he wants to push at his time,
 only now getting a Maginol out, pretty cool.
 - Yeah, but I think if you were to talk about ideal
 situation from Ethiopians, it would be having killed
 something at this stage in early Castle Age.
 - Yep.
 - Fast Ballistics, siege in the middle of the map,
 this is definitely benefiting Yo more,
 as he's even adding the second TC,
 because he has had the stone income and whatnot,
 so pressure's on for Velez to do damage here.
 - Definitely, and the reason why Ethiopians
 are a little bit out of time, or not that much,
 but it's just that their eco bonus comes at power spikes,
 guys, so if they're not making use of that early
 Castle Age power spike, as T90 was saying,
 they really don't get too much in Castle Age,
 whereas the TARs are definitely scaling
 a little bit better here in this matchup.
 Looks like it's gonna be Maginol crossbow,
 versus Maginol Skirm here, big hill though in the front.
 - Yeah, and this will come down to Micro,
 both with the Skirms and the crossbows,
 because those crossbows could even kill the Skirms,
 and so we have a one for one that's even.
 I think Yo will take that, as long as he keeps
 his numbers close, oh man.
 - Oof, really risky there, he's getting a Ram out,
 by the way, not sure if I agree with that Ram.
 - Don't like it.
 - Definitely, yeah.
 - Yeah, I mean, okay, taking out the range is fine, I guess,
 but I don't even think Velez was producing
 out of that range, and now Velez has a siege weapon
 in the middle of the map that you can't contest.
 - Yeah, feels like he's getting a lot more freedom
 than he should have in this case,
 and oh, I think Velez is going for a fast imp here.
 Look at his resources, if you're not having Town Centers,
 that's the way to work, that's where you wanna work to.
 - Yeah, I guess what's weird is,
 if he were to click up now, it'd take three more minutes.
 He's not gonna click up for probably
 two to three more minutes max.
 That's a long time for Yo to work with Town Centers,
 and being Tatars, he's gonna have three,
 he's pretty well protected here.
 His Ram did actually take out the range,
 so I guess it was good for something.
 - Yep, decent value there.
 - And we called it here before the series,
 we said Yo would try and play into skirmishers
 and cav a lot, we obviously haven't seen the cav here,
 but we called it here, Velez loves his archers.
 - Definitely felt like that was part of the game plan,
 even from the draft, just to give away the archer sips,
 take the cav sips, and then kinda play the style
 to try to counter the archer play.
 And what I really like about this style from Yo
 is that most people would say that crossbows
 are the meta right now, and most games
 definitely tend to play out with crossbows,
 and Yo says that there's definitely answers,
 and that's what makes Age of Empires II
 such a great game in my opinion.
 - Yeah, I just don't see, okay, the fourth TC
 is a little worrying, because that would be
 an immediate target against a fast imp.
 - Yeah.
 - I have to have faith in Yo though,
 because this is kind of along the same lines
 of what he started to do against ACCM,
 he would take control with counter units,
 he would boom, and then he'd have a much stronger economy
 in the later stages.
 - So I'm not sure if you agree with me,
 but I would say there's two counters to the fast imp,
 as we see, big Mangano shot there,
 but Yo actually kills the Mangano,
 that's definitely a good trade from him.
 Yeah, I'm not sure if you agree with me,
 I think that there's two counters to the fast imp,
 there's either all in castling,
 where you're playing with a lot of military,
 or you kind of get a castle up and just turtle
 till you're imp.
 - Yeah.
 - Which one would you prefer in this situation?
 - Well, considering Yo's on stone,
 I think the castle is likely.
 What is good for Yo, is if,
 Velez is only gonna push in one spot,
 and Velez pretty clearly has to push in the north,
 so if Yo ever has to flee for more resources,
 it's not like Arabia where you've got two or three golds,
 like you can go to other areas for golds
 like Velez did earlier.
 So I think it just comes down to where's the castle
 gonna be for Yo in the north,
 and how much army is Velez gonna have.
 Yo's always gonna have the opportunity to flee,
 but Yo needs to start taking some trades
 versus crossbows ideally.
 - Yep, we see one point on the Mangano trades as well,
 that's gonna be pretty fine I guess,
 no one really is a big winner in that case.
 The composition is going to be crossbows,
 soon to be arbalest, and probably bomber cannons,
 since Velez has no way to get a castle up.
 It's not a bad composition,
 but I do feel like bomber cannons
 push slower than Trebs,
 and I think that's the big thing here.
 - I think Yo is really far away from ever imping though.
 Keep in mind, he didn't research
 a single armor upgrade in his skirmish,
 which is normally a must.
 So he would need double armor on his skirmish,
 then he's gonna need 900 food to go in,
 he doesn't have the castle yet,
 and in a minute, Velez is maybe gonna have arbalest,
 so I think as there's a big shot there for Velez,
 I think that Velez could do this,
 and push right up the gut with the Ethiopian death ball.
 - Yep, and we're actually,
 oh, your serial score is a one for zero trade
 with a Mangano there,
 and gets the conversion actually,
 sick play there, not too bad, small wins there.
 - Okay, Yo might place the castle here shortly,
 and we're 30 seconds away from the upgrades
 being clicked for Velez, let's see,
 oh, is Yo gonna go forward with it?
 - Oh, that's so risky, oh, he wants to control the gold,
 but that's just making it fodder for the bomber cannon.
 - Yeah, that's a very Yo castle, I would say.
 He likes to build forward castles on people's resources,
 but now he's gonna see that Velez is an imp,
 and he's gonna see the crossbow army.
 I think maybe you just buy some food,
 and sell some wood here, and just try and go up yourself,
 but it's so tricky, I've been in this spot so many times,
 sometimes I just wanna spam Skurms and stay in castle,
 and then other times, as a great micro from Yo again,
 I choose to just idle TCs.
 - Yeah, I think the important thing, guys,
 is don't commit to both strategies,
 you can't make army and then also save for imp,
 if you're saving for imp, you idle your talent centers,
 you don't make any upgrades, and you just wait 'til imp,
 'cause it's such a big timer on that one,
 and in this case, we see Yo doing just that,
 and you know what, it's three minutes,
 and Velez is going back with his army,
 I don't think he's gonna find too much damage here.
 - Yeah, and Yo's still on stone,
 also Yo's just been really annoying,
 took out more than one range,
 he's now taking out the siege workshop,
 so Velez is gonna have to make another siege workshop,
 and Velez is at the limit right now,
 and the fact that he is so fearful of one Mangonel
 tells the whole story, I think he really needs to be
 sending his army to Yo's base and looking for damage,
 but he's not.
 - Yep, yep, and Yo's trying to expand
 on that left hand side as well,
 kind of just precautionary, he doesn't know
 that Velez is moving towards there with our bloods,
 but just trying to expand a little bit here,
 keep his eco smooth and running,
 he's two minutes away from your privilege now,
 and Velez is only now gonna be getting out of bomber cannon,
 so yep.
 - I like the idea of continuing with skirmish at this point,
 but you'll have the economy to also go for light cav,
 and I think with the Tatars having silk armor,
 it's definitely gonna be something
 in the back of Yo's mind.
 I might not come to that, it could just be full skirmisher,
 but having some light cav on the field would be fantastic.
 - Yo's even just trying to ram down the TC right now,
 like there's been no resistance there for Velez,
 it's insane.
 - Like we were questioning it when it came out,
 it got so much value.
 - Yeah, right?
 - The T workshop, a barracks, an archer range,
 and now like literally pushing it onto TC,
 but of course it's dealt with now,
 Velez had enough of that one,
 and Velez is trying to find some damage
 on the top side with the arbalest,
 but where do you even go, you're looking at a TC
 no matter where you turn.
 - Yeah, but I would have preferred,
 like if he had his Mangonel attacking a town center
 with the arbs over the last two minutes,
 he'd be close to taking one out at this point.
 So coming home, I think was just out of just anxiety
 the situation there for Velez,
 and I just keep looking back at Velez's eco,
 yes, he does have a bomber cannon,
 but his eco looks so fragile, it's like,
 I know he's in him and Yo's in castle,
 but it feels like it's the other way around
 with how bad the economies are.
 - Yeah, and it feels like that forward cast
 did way more psychological pressure
 than it probably should have.
 - Yeah.
 - Like Velez really respected it,
 as you said, going back to the army,
 kind of fought Yo some time,
 finally we see him breaking in on the front here.
 Yo is massing scrimmages from those two ranges,
 Vlez is coming in, and he has enough for a castle,
 where's he gonna be placed?
 In the bottom, interesting.
 - Yeah, that's such a Yo castle.
 - Yeah.
 - He's just, let me control another stone,
 let me control another resource.
 He's actually repairing his other castle right now.
 And here comes the army for Velez,
 again, could this have been in here faster?
 That's the question we asked.
 Very similar to earlier where he's trapped,
 but arbs can take out the Mangonel
 if Velez is reacting, and a big moment for Yo.
 Oh my God, big shots.
 - Yeah, he killed the Mangonel as well,
 and the scrims are gonna clean the house here.
 He does have ballistics, Vlez has no place to run.
 That is a big cleanup for Yo.
 - Yep.
 Now what Vlez does have is he has the bomber cannons,
 and Tatars don't get that.
 So this is, there's still some potential,
 but Yo's gonna get his castle up on the stone,
 Vlez is gonna possibly lose a lot of villagers there,
 and he does react nicely, props to him.
 Yo just has to survive this next wave,
 and he's gonna take game one.
 - Yeah, so the big thing here is that,
 what I will say for Velez, guys,
 is that bomber cannons snowball very hard.
 Like if you have five bomber cannons,
 oftentimes you're just killing building after building,
 and they don't take as much time to unpack and repack.
 Like Trebs, they're a lot more efficient
 at pushing forward, so that's like his last chance here,
 to kind of create a snowball and continue pushing forward,
 and it's up to Yo to kind of slow down the pace,
 and just wait till his economy just takes
 the better of Velez.
 - Yeah, and I mean, Yo is gonna make a treb
 on the other side, which I like,
 just be as frustrating as possible.
 But those skirms, man, I mean,
 even though they did just get some big pickoffs,
 with four bomber cannons,
 he could lose them all in one shot, so he's--
 - Yep.
 - He's gonna use his experience here,
 and I think half the time,
 he's not even gonna be able to attack the arbs,
 but he's just gonna make the bomber cannons stop and fire.
 - Yeah.
 - Like, here I am, here I'm not, here I am constantly.
 - That's all it is, just like buying that time,
 and Yo is gonna treb on the top, dude, this is crazy.
 He's literally just trying to attack, bro.
 - The way Yo sees the game is just so amazing, I love it.
 - Dude, like, no one would think to do that,
 and like, all of a sudden, you might even think like,
 "Oh, big shot with the bomber cannons."
 - Yeah.
 - You might think that treb is gonna be a waste,
 'cause it's gonna go down, but that's buying time.
 - Yeah, it is.
 - That's the time.
 - But I'm a little concerned right now for Yo,
 because I'm seeing the first armor upgrade come in.
 He hasn't researched silk armor,
 he doesn't have a lot of stables.
 So if he wants to go light cav,
 it's gonna take some time here, and the 31 on food,
 a lot of that is right behind Velez's push.
 So, I mean, Yo could still lose this game,
 Velez has a slight chance still.
 - Yep, definitely agree, and like I said,
 it's all about that snowball.
 So Yo is buying some time on the top,
 but Velez is not really biting as hard nowadays.
 He's kinda just giving up that side in terms of economy.
 He's moving a lot of his army forward.
 So Velez is adding his first town center,
 since his original one went down.
 I just feel like Yo is making it way to open up a game.
 He's attacking from multiple angles now,
 which is really interesting.
 - Yeah, the multiple angle thing
 has obviously led to some success,
 but it also has made it more difficult for him to defend.
 - That's true.
 - I think something you would have done, Hera,
 is maybe just outposts in the south,
 and you would have focused on 20 more farms at home,
 and then prep the stables, you know?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - And whereas Yo is like,
 - I think it's a big push, yeah.
 - Yo is like, let's drop castles all over the map,
 which is gonna lead to more success in the long term,
 but obviously could lead to some problems at this stage.
 - Yeah, and it really just depends
 on how well he's multitasking now, 'cause--
 - Oh, the Keshecs, though, Hera.
 The Keshecs are sniping Bulborc cannons.
 - Yeah, there's no Arbalest back home,
 and it's just three, four Keshecs, but look at that.
 One cannon goes down, the second one's about to go down.
 Other one runs to the TC, though, wow.
 Yeah, that's a really smart play there.
 - Yeah, that went two, maybe three cannons,
 plus the Treb's still firing,
 and I guess you could make arguments that Velez's push
 is more awkward for him,
 because he can't have all of his cannons there now,
 and his Micro is gonna be more awkward for him,
 but man, he's killed a lot of villagers here.
 - Yep, a lot of those going down.
 That castle will go up, guys,
 but I don't know if it's worth it.
 There's like 20 of those went down there for Yo.
 He's still up 30-odd fills here,
 but he is still under pressure from the bomber cannons.
 - Yeah, and the Keshecs are there,
 there's like random skirmishers.
 The only TC Velez has could go down to the Treb,
 which is now being attacked by villagers,
 and I guess the Treb will go down.
 This is crazy.
 - This is his madness.
 If you're just tuning in, you're probably like,
 "What the hell is going on?
 "What even happened?
 "Where did the players even spawn on this map?"
 But it turns out, Misdreo made it crazy enough
 to secure game one.
 Really well played there with the all-in castle.
 - The instant-peril-itch play, I think, was really nice.
 - Honestly, the play of the game for me,
 and it wasn't really on paper the play of the game,
 but to me it was the most impressive,
 was a tower from Yo.
 - Yeah, that was crazy.
 - Like you said, if you had a market,
 you could check the market prices,
 and you would see the price of selling stone had changed,
 so you would know.
 But he did not confirm that, and yet it was just perfect.
 And it even kinda led to him trapping an army.
 Misdreo was looking good.
 He did have a really weak start against ACCM
 in his semifinal.
 He went down three games for those that missed it,
 responded with four victories to win for three,
 and I think that was the highest level reverse sweep
 I'd ever seen in the best of seven,
 but he didn't start off slow here.
 GG.
 - Yeah, takes game one there,
 and that's just massive for the confidence, guys,
 because game one is a set map.
 It's neither player's home map,
 so taking those games is gonna do you wonders
 for the series.
 I believe there's three set maps
 and then three home maps for either player, by the way,
 in this best of nine series.
 So yeah, taking game one, putting you in a good spot,
 but there's plenty of time for a comeback.
 It's not over, not even close to being over.
 Just a nice little step in the door, I guess you can say.
 - Yeah, I mean, one victory feels like nothing
 in a best of nine, when you've gotta get five.
 So GG.
 I think that is how we're going to see
 a lot of these games play out, though.
 I think Falez is gonna have potentially more success
 with the faster archer saves.
 He's still got Britons out there, Vietnamese,
 Saracens, these are all sieves that might play similarly
 on the upcoming maps.
 Yeah, just speeding up here, but this is big Nomad.
 Now, the way it was structured was Yo gets to pick his map
 for game number two.
 It's not loser gets to pick.
 - Oh! - So Falez will get to pick next,
 regardless of what happens here.
 And so Yo goes directly to Nomad.
 We have two Nomad powerhouses.
 We got the Spanish for Yo, who build faster.
 That's one of the big reasons they're strong.
 Yo will have his TC up quickly.
 And then we have the Koreans for Falez.
 - Yeah, and the thing is, guys, Spanish for Yo,
 that is his pick on Nomad.
 I have to talk about this.
 It's literally his favorite pick on Nomad
 in a tournament where he gets to pick his sieve.
 So the fact that he has it now, Falez picked it for him.
 I can imagine him very comfortable in this game too here.
 But Koreans, I don't know, what do you think, T9?
 Is this a War Wagon angle, Skurms to defend the Kongs?
 I'm not really sure how you play this one out with Koreans.
 - Well, obviously had a lot of experience
 covering Nomad and Wandering Warriors Cup a few months back.
 And we saw this sieve matchup at times.
 I think the big deal is,
 is the Spanish player gonna have safe fish?
 And so when I look at the dock positions,
 obviously it depends on how players play the game.
 But I think that that could actually be really good for Falez
 because when we think Spanish, we think faster start,
 into a fast castle, into Conquistadors.
 But if you lose all your fish early,
 you're not gonna have the food to either A, go fast castle,
 or B, make Conquistadors.
 So I think the dock position is huge here for the Finnish player.
 - And a big thing, so a big thing right now
 is that Yo doesn't know where Falez's dock is.
 And he doesn't really have a good way to scout where it is,
 except if he uses a fishing ship.
 So I would say if Yo at some point
 wants to get ahead of the game in terms of knowledge,
 he needs to scout with a fishing ship.
 It's just not the most natural thing to do.
 And I'd be curious if he is gonna go for that one.
 - Okay, so along those lines, this is actually insane.
 So you have, look at Yo's point of view real quick,
 and he's scouting with sheep.
 This is standard stuff.
 Falez is going to try and scout the shoreline
 to find the dock for Yo.
 Look at his sheep scouting,
 and tell me if he missed the dock for Yo.
 - Oh my.
 - I've never seen anything like this, dude.
 'Cause clearly he scouted that shoreline
 before the house was there,
 which means I guess the dock was being built,
 or maybe the villager was somewhere else.
 We'll have to rewind later,
 but Falez is scouting the entire shoreline,
 and he might never see a dock.
 - And the thing is, he has to know that there is a dock.
 So he knows there's a dock,
 but he's gonna second guess himself.
 He might think he missed it at any point of his scouting.
 He's not gonna really realize it's right at the start.
 So it's gonna be interesting.
 He is gonna make that loop around,
 so he might eventually get there.
 - But I would just say,
 this is super annoying for Falez to do,
 while trying to micro bores,
 trying to micro his fish,
 to also scout with the sheep,
 respect, that's really good, honestly.
 - Yeah, this is,
 I think Dark Age on New Mad
 is one of the hardest Dark Ages in the game.
 Because there's so many,
 I mean, you don't even know where your bores are at times.
 So you gotta find that stuff,
 and then you have to prioritize thinking about your strat.
 There is a positive here for Falez.
 I think when in doubt,
 you always go water against Spanish anyways.
 So he'll most likely be going faster,
 if you'd like to go for water,
 and worst case, send a fire galley one direction,
 and another fire galley the other way.
 And so with that, he should probably find that dock.
 - Yeah, and there is incentives
 to dock in the same spot for Falez.
 Because he's on the big lake,
 he's not gonna randomly switch his dock
 to another point in the map.
 So he's gonna be close to Yoh's fish,
 regardless whether he scouts it or not.
 That's a really good point, actually.
 And it's gonna come down to whether Yoh actually decides
 to fight water, or chooses to completely give it up,
 and then continue with his plan,
 which is what most Spanish players would like to do
 on this map, and go conquistadors in the castle age.
 Conquistador, Manganal is just so deadly.
 And they are quite close to each other, actually,
 on this situation.
 - I think Yoh knows where the TC is for Falez.
 If you look back at his scouting,
 he definitely lost a sheep next to Falez's town center.
 So Falez has had, he's got a few more now,
 but he's been scouting mainly the shoreline.
 And that's still so funny to me,
 that he's scouted what, 80% of the shoreline
 and doesn't see the dock.
 But yeah, he might actually end up finding the TC,
 and I think that's really important for Falez here,
 because again, he's gonna go water,
 but he might have to prioritize land a bit more
 if he knows Yoh is this close.
 - Yeah, I think the good part is,
 he has that stone so close to his town center,
 and so he literally has the choice to go wagons or not.
 But I can't sit here and tell you
 if it's a good choice or not.
 I'm actually not sure myself.
 So it's gonna be up to Falez
 whether he thinks that this is necessary.
 He also has the option of guard tower defense,
 but I think that's kind of fallen out of favor recently
 in the meta, guard towers.
 - Yeah, I mean, it does come in,
 the guard tower defense does come in for free.
 So I think with Koreans,
 it's definitely something that comes to mind.
 But you haven't seen Tato go in guard tower defense
 with other civs as much these days.
 The pressure's coming in a lot faster, for sure.
 - And I think the whole stationary defense,
 people just got so good.
 I always talk about this, man.
 The level, it's just been raised so high
 that these things just don't work as they used to.
 People really punish the smallest of mistakes.
 If you're sitting back with towers,
 you're gonna get punished on any opening you give.
 So it just feels like something that players
 are just so good against at this point.
 I think that's the third board that comes in for Falez.
 He is completely chilling here.
 But yo, fast at a feudal.
 - Yeah, it's always interesting
 when someone brings in a boar
 right before they have to click feudal
 and they wanna go water.
 Because normally you want as much on wood
 and you want as much on gold as possible here.
 And then you can make more on the water.
 So for Yo, he's got six fishing ships.
 Looks like he will go water.
 So this is really good for Yo.
 He'll be faster. - Wow.
 - And Yo doesn't have as much on food
 because at least underneath the TC
 and he's gonna prioritize the wooden gold
 just a little bit more.
 - And I'm almost sure Yo is doing this kind of grush
 because he sees Falez's dock so close.
 This is almost 100% because of that.
 Because I've seen Yo just go straight for the conquistadors
 and there's not plenty of time.
 So he's adapting really nicely
 and it's just beautiful to see there.
 Falez is looking for a second dock as well.
 I believe that villager wants to do it.
 The sheep finally, man.
 - Well, hold on.
 It might be the path.
 Did he notice it?
 Yeah, he noticed it.
 Okay, so that's the first time he's found
 where Yo is docked.
 And so that is a dock that he did not want to place,
 I guarantee you.
 That is kind of in the bay.
 And this is good for Yo.
 I mean, even if it's 50/50 when it comes to the fish
 for a couple minutes,
 that's so much more food income
 that he could in theory bring in.
 - Yeah, definitely.
 I think that this is a situation
 that Luck played a big factor
 and Luck actually favored Yo quite heavily here.
 And he is also naturally up to feudal age faster.
 Interesting to see him get town watch.
 Would not have expected that,
 but I think he just wants to get ahead of the game
 in terms of the outpost on the map and the vision,
 which is not a bad choice.
 And it's going to be a grush war for both players.
 - Yeah, you got a villager for Falez.
 The Korean villagers are kind of like walking outposts
 'cause they have so much vision.
 So he's walking around here
 and he has confirmed as well that Yo was there.
 So you might see some land shenanigans.
 Both players going fires,
 but honestly, they both might struggle for fish
 if they continue on water
 because they're kind of sharing their positions right now.
 - Yeah, it's so funny
 'cause Yo is kind of stealing the fish from Falez
 'cause he's got nowhere to go really for fish.
 So he's taking the fish that's close to Falez first
 and then he's going to go take the one that's further away.
 But it's going to be a pretty even fight here.
 It's going to come down to repairs
 and kind of backing up the low HPs here.
 - Oh, Yo using the fishing ship to block there.
 Look at that.
 That's smart thinking, but the villagers there for Falez.
 I think this will be better for Falez.
 He's got three docks,
 but intelligent stuff there from Yo.
 - He repaired the wrong one
 and lost a free fire gallery there.
 - Rip.
 - Wow, I mean, he did trade for a fishing boat,
 but that's a big mistake, man.
 That's something like when you're so close,
 you can't make those mistakes, man.
 - Yeah, and for Yo, he just didn't want
 to instantly lose his fish, right?
 So he can be happy with this.
 He's not investing as much into water.
 It does feel like in theory,
 Yo should eventually lose water
 because of less investment,
 but that's off to a good start there for him.
 And he could maybe get another one.
 Falez will get the repair in just in time though.
 Super close.
 - And I believe, I'm not sure what the math is,
 but I believe one villager is just enough
 to keep it afloat when it's dying to one galley.
 So definitely interesting there.
 And Falez should stabilize.
 He's on three docks, guys,
 so he should be winning the water eventually here.
 And like Tinani was saying,
 it's just a matter of buying time for Yo
 until he can get the cast later.
 - Also, you've got villager on the most northern dock
 for Falez so he can repair there.
 And he also has a villager on the shore fish
 on the southernmost dock.
 So he seems to have more repair villagers in the mix,
 but the micro from both players has been pretty good,
 but I think this is where Falez starts to snowball it.
 I don't see a demo on the way for Yo,
 and he's actually housed,
 so yeah, this is really hurting him at the moment.
 - Rough, yeah.
 Really, really strong comeback there
 from Falez on the water.
 Slipped up early, but picked it up
 and is now taking much better trades.
 And it's just a situation
 where Yo is probably gonna give it up.
 He's making one more round of units.
 I almost think that's probably a mistake.
 Just give it up.
 I think it's probably the right call here,
 but I'm not sure.
 - Yeah, it's tricky.
 I think there's a potential maybe for one big demo.
 He's got it on the way.
 He could potentially kill two ships because of this demo,
 so gets the shot, kills one.
 But at the very least, Falez is fishing.
 Falez is actually fishing.
 He's got the better spot there.
 Wouldn't surprise me at all to see Yo consider
 maybe even buying some food here
 because I'm concerned for him.
 He only has seven on food.
 He's now getting his wood in his farm upgrade,
 so he's committed to fuel age for a long time here.
 - That's really rough.
 The farm upgrade just feels like it's kinda kicking
 way too slow.
 - Yep.
 - And I see a barracks coming down from Falez,
 so he's looking to put some pressure,
 probably with a range now.
 The problem is Yo has such good vision
 that I don't think archers are gonna be the most impactful,
 but it's definitely something
 that gets some pressure on the land for sure.
 - I really like the idea of forcing someone
 who's going to go fast castle unique unit into towers
 because the more towers they build,
 the further away they are
 from being able to build their castle.
 I mean, we're assuming that Yo's gonna do that.
 It doesn't even look like that's possible.
 I don't know, Yo just queued up a galley, by the way,
 with the demo, so Yo is struggling here, man.
 This is, I think being this close to Falez on water
 has really hurt him.
 - I actually think he doesn't really know what to do,
 and the problem is we haven't really talked about it much,
 but Koreans, for those who don't know,
 get a discount on their ships in terms of the wood cost,
 so Falez just likes to just play here.
 He just likes to play into Yo on water as much as possible,
 and this is totally fine,
 and Yo's kind of playing into it,
 which I don't really understand
 why he's still committing there.
 - I think the problem is,
 it's like sometimes you're too far gone, right?
 Like we talked about in the previous game
 with the, do you go all in castle age,
 or do you build a castle and go imp?
 It's like, you gotta commit hard, right?
 'Cause if you try and do 50/50, you're in trouble,
 and I think Yo committed hard,
 and he's getting outclassed here,
 and this could be a fast one.
 Falez should click up shortly,
 and he also has the range to make archers,
 and I mean, Yo's never getting castle age,
 unless he uses the market, and even then.
 How does he stop the archers?
 - I'm just shocked he went for horse collar.
 You almost never see that on Nomad,
 to just randomly go horse collar,
 and then set up the farms.
 This is something that, it's such a slow food income,
 and those farms are useless when castle age comes in
 if there's any kind of pressure,
 'cause he's gonna have to abandon those farms,
 so it's a slow food income
 that's gonna be in a risky position very soon,
 and Falez up to castle age here with gold mining upgrade,
 great position for him, man.
 - Yep, seven to one eco KD.
 I know that number brings back some painful memories
 for some people listening,
 but you got the market there for Yo,
 and he's gonna buy some food, presumably,
 but he's not even on stone, Pera,
 so you'd be talking about maybe knights,
 and that's gonna take a bit of time here.
 I think it's important for Falez
 to use his advantages on land.
 If he does that in early castle age,
 he's gonna be in a really good spot.
 - Yeah, and he's actually going to stone now.
 I mean, I think stone for a forward castle
 just sounds pretty oppressive.
 Market did come down for Mr. Yo,
 and he's gonna go to stone as well,
 so it's like his plan was conks the whole time,
 but it's just so delayed now, basically.
 - Yep. - That's all we're seeing.
 - Yeah, that's, we've seen conks dominate with Spanish
 so many times, and then it's almost like
 there's no one between.
 - Yeah. - You know, it's like,
 you never see a game where it's like,
 "Oh, okay, they didn't get to conks, they're fine."
 It's like, "No, not really."
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - This takes me back to the Vivi days, bro,
 when he'd be picking Spanish all the time,
 you're like, "Oh, God, not another one of these games."
 - It's crazy, yeah, and he used to set,
 he used to, his whole game plan is to set up conks.
 He'll tower rush, meta arms, anything it takes
 just to set up those conks behind it,
 and it's just that powerful of a unit here.
 We are seeing Yo wallop the map,
 so he's still trying this one.
 He still wants to give it his best.
 It is a tournament game, grand finals at that.
 - Yeah, I mean-- - Gonna buy some time, but yeah.
 - What do you think about, well, I guess Vales
 is pretty close to getting a castle.
 I was just gonna say, what do you think about a guard tower,
 siege push right in front of that town center?
 That would look really strong.
 - I think guard tower is a little late for that.
 I think to go guard tower,
 you probably have to tower and tutelage,
 and then it becomes guard tower.
 So it would have been an interesting choice,
 especially when we saw the farms come down.
 I wouldn't have minded it, but at this point,
 probably just siege, castle,
 and Vales is completely chilling up.
 11 workers now, 'cause he has that water,
 completely one at this point.
 - Yeah, there's no variation.
 There's not a ton of variation to this version of Nomad.
 There's no middle pond.
 There's no little inlets.
 It's pretty safe.
 You know Spanish are gonna be going water.
 You gotta beat 'em on water.
 Vales was right next door to him,
 both on land and on water.
 And it feels like even if you all get to castle up,
 Vales is gonna have one too,
 and I hope he just places it forward here.
 I would not suggest placing it defensive.
 You have the position, take it, Vales.
 - Yeah, you definitely just go forward,
 especially when you see your opponent still putilage.
 I would have even suggested that he sends the villages
 before he gets the stone to be ready
 to just drop it forward.
 Now it's a little late.
 He's still gonna commit to go forward though.
 He's sending six villagers there now.
 Does have the Magna on the way.
 So Siege Workshop was forward for you though.
 That's interesting.
 Trying to contest the position a little bit.
 - I mean, I guess with good micro,
 there's potential for you to deny this
 and then drop his own.
 - Oh God.
 - There is potential.
 But it's gonna be tough.
 - Yeah, now I think it's probably done.
 I think you have to, oh no, he's getting good.
 Oh my God.
 - Oh, it's Spanish builders, man.
 There goes the shot for Yo.
 Obviously Vales is gonna see what's going on here.
 - Oh, Yo dodges?
 - This is no joke, man.
 Yo could complete his castle
 and then deny Vales's castle.
 Vales with the misfire.
 Twice he misfired here.
 So he hasn't hit the villagers.
 - One shot connects there.
 Mr. Yo dodges out on that one.
 Shoot the Magna.
 - No way.
 No way, dude.
 No way.
 Can he repair his?
 No way.
 Okay.
 - One for two and he wins the castle war.
 - What?
 And now Vales doesn't have the stone for a castle.
 Now he should buy one
 or just wait a little bit and place a defensive.
 But Yo's just been given a slight opportunity
 back into this game.
 - Dude, and he's still on stone.
 So it does feel like, okay,
 he's adding a town stand at home.
 He wants to kind of play the long game here.
 He's taking this as a win
 to kind of get into Vales's head,
 play the long game with the eco
 and try to find a way back into the mid game here.
 Definitely do not mind that situation.
 Not making a single conch though.
 Very interesting.
 - Yeah, and what about Vales in the north there, Hara?
 He's about to transport three crossbows over.
 - Oh my God.
 - I think you're spot on.
 I think Yo's just trying to fake him out.
 Yo doesn't actually have the food economy
 to make conchs anyway.
 So he's just trying to catch up on land.
 And these three crossbows are gonna be devastating to Yo.
 - Yeah, I think by the way, it's a small thing, man.
 But if you're doing this, it has to be four crossbows
 so you can two shot villagers.
 Like it just has to be.
 - I mean, three is still fine.
 - I know, but it is the difference
 between getting one or two more kills.
 We'll see if it ends up mattering.
 But he does get one.
 He's forcing a lot of idle time from Yo
 at the very least here, which is not too bad.
 - Yeah, and you can see it in the score.
 You can see it in capture rage.
 Losing your fish is just, it's so bad.
 And it's especially bad when you're trying to make a unit
 that costs food like the quisador.
 For Velez, he's done a lot of redocking,
 which is something that a lot of mid to lower level players
 can learn from.
 He's docked in the far south there,
 so he's more efficient fish.
 And he's expanding to second and third town center right now.
 So even though Yo's on two TCs,
 it just really feels like Yo's gonna be behind
 unless Velez makes a couple more mistakes.
 - Yep, yeah, I think that Yo is on the perfect composition
 to force those mistakes with Mega Elves and Conks.
 You know, eventually he'll get to that composition.
 And that's probably the only thing that can get him back
 in the game is some big shots and then some momentum.
 But right now he is just chasing the crossbows in his base
 and he will deal with them.
 - Yeah, I think the risk here would be if there was
 five or six Conks with a couple of Mega Elves
 and then a forward Castle in Velez's face.
 And then Velez starts to fall behind.
 But Velez is even Stonewalling here.
 Grand Final, Stonewalling, still has a stone,
 four Castle as well, so he could fortify his base up
 and he should have no problem.
 - And no shame to Stonewall.
 It's a grand final.
 You just take it.
 Like there's no point of taking risks at this point.
 Like this is really smart, I love it.
 - Yeah, and are you implying that there's shame
 in Stonewalling in ranked games here, Hera?
 - I think there's a lot of shame
 of Stonewalling in ranked games personally.
 - Oh yeah, of course, Mr. Hussart doesn't want
 to be Stonewalled out.
 Oh yeah guys, it's cheating.
 You can't just like wall out my favorite unit.
 - Exactly, man.
 Even Halberdiers is cheating, but I'm not getting there.
 I'm not getting there.
 Even Halberdiers, it's on the fence of shame.
 But Stonewall's definitely, that's past it for me.
 - Well, I haven't quite gone Stark level,
 but I have been Stonewalling a little more,
 if I'm gonna get raided,
 'cause I suck with Archer's Hymns, right?
 So I'm just gonna get raided
 and both corners of my base
 if I ever go Archer's up the middle.
 So I'm like, screw it, let's just Stonewall.
 And so I've done it more than I ever have,
 but that's like two times a month.
 I don't know, that's a lot.
 - You have like a quota.
 You like mark it down on the calendar when you Stonewall.
 - Yeah, it's like.
 - Not bad, not bad.
 - It's like you have those signs in the warehouse.
 It's like, it's been this many days
 since there's been an incident.
 It's like, it's been this many days
 since I Stonewalled in this town.
 - Oh God.
 Yeah, I mean, listen, I'll give you an excuse
 because you have been making some progress
 with the raiding.
 I've been seeing the tweets, man.
 Not too bad there.
 Good job on the progress there.
 Love it.
 - I'll take it.
 Oh God, yo, into the castle.
 - Yeah, he's just kind of running around with those conks.
 There is a couple of wagons now to chase them.
 And guys, wagons die to conks on low numbers,
 but when they get ballistics,
 they can be kind of annoying to deal with here.
 - I feel like if yo was on three town centers
 this whole time,
 I would have liked his position a lot more
 'cause he does have the conk factor,
 but I love the guard tower from Velez
 that might be denied.
 Yo would need another miracle micro moment here,
 but now he's gonna lose his mega now.
 And that's an amazing position.
 - Yeah, all of a sudden it's actually Velez with the push
 and not yo who's like getting the momentum.
 So yeah, you just feel like you're behind on water eco,
 land eco, and you're defending a push.
 It almost feels impossible to come back now for yo.
 He's getting bloodlines, trying his best, of course,
 with the conquistadors.
 Wagons are big though.
 - Yeah, and the wagons will benefit from ballistics.
 And I'd love to see Velez consider
 maybe a forward castle where that guard tower is
 because there's no real way for yo to stop that
 now that the guard tower's up.
 Yo is a fighter man.
 He's not gonna quit for a while here,
 but I think it's like when he starts to lose TCs
 and then another castle comes up,
 I just, I don't know what his win condition is at that point.
 - Pinning in about Dragon on games,
 when it comes to like big tournament games,
 like do you think it's a factor of like, you know,
 trying to tire your opponent out?
 Is it just trying to make your opponent work for it?
 - Um, I mean, in my case,
 I don't pay attention to score as much
 when I'm in a tournament game.
 - Okay. - Like I am,
 I just don't look at that as much
 because I am so much more focused, like,
 and that can lead to some,
 not focusing on other things too.
 Like, do I have 175 villagers,
 which happened in Wondering Warriors Cup?
 I just didn't realize.
 So I think you guys are somewhat human at least,
 and I imagine that's part of it too.
 And also maybe Yo realizes that
 water influences score a lot,
 and there's a lot of leftover navy for Velez.
 So a lot of that score could be seen as
 kind of inflated in his mind.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 And I think that the problem,
 the problem with it is,
 the worst feeling I think is like,
 tapping out of a game and then you realize,
 man, I could have actually won that.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - That's for me, the big feeling that I'm trying to avoid.
 I don't want to ever tap out and then, you know,
 feel like, man, what would have happened
 if this, this or that?
 So just staying in it until the last minute
 feels like a reasonable thing for me.
 Guards out rush continues to creep forward here,
 trying to take that hill.
 Good magneto micro there.
 - Ooh, that'll be a decent shot.
 But yeah, I mean, there's still towers,
 there's still wagons,
 and there could be a castle right beneath this.
 Yeah, and it's not like,
 this is a best of nine grand final.
 It's not like these guys are like,
 hey, we gotta hurry up.
 In two hours, I gotta be somewhere.
 Like, this is the only thing on their agenda for the day.
 So they should play it out if they think they've got,
 even a small chance here.
 - Yeah, 100%.
 Gamers, bro, they got no real life.
 You heard it here first.
 - That's not what I said, okay?
 That's not what I said.
 - I'll say it about me any day, man.
 I haven't left my basement in a few weeks.
 No worries here, no worries.
 I think it is pride, man.
 It's like, for me, it's like, you know,
 how dedicated I am.
 It's good, man, it's good.
 - Yeah, you could call it dedicated, I guess.
 - Definitely.
 - Hey, can you pronounce the unique tech
 that Velez is researching right now for me?
 - Jupzong.
 - Okay.
 - We're gonna commit to that one.
 - I think that's around how I would say it, yeah.
 Ram, Bonk for Yo, and he's dropping a castle here.
 I mean, that castle will clear up the guard towers
 and it will push back all the wagons.
 So he has that, but then again,
 Velez is on the way to the Imperial Age now.
 - Yeah, and that tech, for those who don't know,
 it gives guard towers an extra two range.
 It used to be a bonus for the Koreans,
 but they kinda shifted it back to unique tech in Castle Age.
 So those guard towers are actually eight plus four,
 super annoying 12 range guard towers.
 But yeah, I don't think it's really gonna matter
 whether Yo can stabilize now,
 because Imperial Age is the point of the game
 where castles stop mattering once the siege comes out.
 Trebs are huge, and we do have that at least one castle
 from Velez going to Imperial Age here.
 - We were seeing the fight from Yo that he had in him
 to come back for three in that semi-final.
 So many players would have tapped out in this game already.
 So many players would have just,
 they wouldn't have been able to play their best
 to win four straight in that series.
 And this is the type of player Yo has always been.
 He's always had that grit, always believes in himself.
 And he might think he's got a 0.001% chance right now,
 but that's still enough for him.
 That's still enough for him, still a chance.
 - I think in his mind, he sees that he's got two castles.
 He's like, man, if I can just stabilize,
 I have conk production,
 but the situation's actually quite dire.
 We'll see what happens in a minute
 when Velez does get to Imperial Age.
 What I wanna see from Velez now,
 just to kind of secure the game,
 is him to expand onto these other resources.
 We see him expanding in his space,
 but just kind of go to the top there,
 take that golden stone
 that you might not be able to take later.
 That's just one way to secure the game, just in case.
 I think it's really good to get into the habit
 of doing that kind of safe when you're in the lead moves.
 - Yeah, I feel like an out-poster too
 would be helpful as well.
 There we got Inquisition here.
 So, Yoh's gonna try and go for Monks now.
 Oh man, I mean, I love to see it.
 I love to see it, but it feels like this was needed
 a while ago, and I think there's actually a good chance here
 when he sees Imp that he might end up tapping out.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 If he doesn't resign just about now,
 you think maybe he should have tied Velez out,
 but yeah, there it is.
 The G just called one-one in the series there.
 Velez takes a really nice win on Nomad versus Mr. Yoh,
 which was Yoh's home map.
 - Well, Nomad has RNG factors, has Luck factor,
 and I think Velez lucked out, docking right next to Yoh.
 If Yoh would have gone for Water,
 which I think is an approach he can justify,
 and his fish were somewhere more secure,
 or somewhere he could fish more freely as they're fighting,
 Yoh could have maybe transitioned
 to the Conquisitor's a lot faster.
 A full credit to Velez though,
 when he realized the situation, he went three docks,
 and something we didn't touch on as much,
 but he was milling the berries, milling the deer.
 He was transitioning his economy
 off of just the fish as well, so he did a good job,
 and series is tied up.
 - Yeah, really, really solid play overall.
 I feel like he didn't miss a beat
 on the strategy aspect of things,
 and it's gonna be, going into game three now,
 it's gonna be Velez's home map,
 and we're right back to basically even game,
 and it's just the best of seven from here basically,
 but both players kind of went through a couple games.
 That's how, that's how you probably should think of it
 as a player, that it's right back to tie it up.
 Game three is around the corner now.
 - Yeah, and what you're able to do now,
 if you're Velez, you actually pick the next map,
 the way this is structured, so I think,
 Yoh got to pick that map, even though he won game one,
 Velez gets to pick the next map,
 and then I think game four and five are set,
 and then the rest of the maps on your screen are home maps,
 and that's gonna be based on the scores and whatnot, so.
 Just a little different, it's not loser picking home map
 for these games anyways.
 Let's hop into the game and take a look at it.
 For the record though,
 Bay and Cup are actually my favorite maps,
 just now that we're on the topic,
 when it comes to hybrid maps.
 - You didn't have to say that, I didn't feel bad, it's cool.
 (laughs)
 - Listen, it's not even just 'cause you felt bad,
 it's just 'cause I always win on those maps,
 so it's like I feel good about it now.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, you do, you're not wrong there.
 And also some like electric wins as well, so.
 Well, we're talking water, and Velez has Italians,
 which I think is one of, if not the best civilizations
 for water maps, like straight up water maps,
 and then also you could consider them one of the best
 for hybrid if you can consider that to be hybrid.
 The Silians for Yo, I think they do have a decent tech tree
 when it comes to water, and then they've got
 some weird transport bonus, which we probably won't see,
 but yeah, long story short, Velez, I think,
 has this advantage going into this one.
 - Do the Silians have like that, like a free transport
 when they make a dock or something?
 - They did, they did, and now I think it's their transport
 is, wait. - Tank year or something?
 - It used to be a transport appears from their dock,
 and they change it so many times.
 I don't know if it's a free transport,
 but you have to create it, or if it's like
 a discount on transports, I would have to check.
 - I'm not even sure what's going on
 with the Sicilian transport these days.
 Maybe someone in the chat can let us know here, guys,
 but yeah, anyways, bottom line is,
 the Silians will be weaker on the water,
 as United are saying, compared to the Italians,
 but on this map, as you can see from the side,
 it's really hard to wall the entire side.
 You could wall one side pretty comfortably,
 but oftentimes it's gonna be hard to wall both sides,
 so land pressure is definitely on the cards here.
 For Mr. Yeo, he feels like he doesn't wanna
 straight up crush versus Velez.
 - Yeo came forward really early,
 and he was able to get away with two goats,
 so I would do the same.
 If you feel like you're at a Civ disadvantage,
 you most definitely want to try and get an advantage early,
 and so stealing that food can be helpful.
 - Would you prefer to see a galley opening
 or a fire opening on the water here?
 - Oh, I think it has to be galley,
 'cause whenever you have water that's pretty big,
 and this one's pretty big,
 I think galleys are almost always better,
 'cause as soon as you get four, you're just kiting,
 and you can just run around forever,
 so definitely galley is if you're going water.
 However, I will say, if there's a landing situation,
 you want fires, if that makes sense.
 - Gotcha, well, this is the first time, I think,
 in our cast that I would slightly disagree.
 I think when I have seen galleys anyways,
 it's really tough to get that transition
 into the barracks and the range and whatnot,
 which we tend to see.
 It can dominate water,
 but I really like the idea of going two dock fires
 and no more, just continuing to produce,
 then switching immediately to land,
 as Yo is walking across the map right now.
 - Yeah, with the villager in,
 that's actually before he docks, by the way,
 so is this like a sneaky dock,
 or is he just gonna completely ignore water?
 - I think he might try and deny the dock,
 but it feels really weird.
 - Oh.
 - To try this when you have to walk the whole way.
 It's like even if you kill the villa,
 your villa hasn't been working.
 Oh, and he missed it.
 - He's going back?
 Actually, Vales has to go back with that villager,
 but what Vales should do is sneak another villa right now
 and just dock, you know what I mean?
 - Well, Vales is not expecting the villa,
 but he's gonna see the villa and be like,
 wait, he's got a loomed villa,
 and then Yo is docking at home.
 This is actually--
 - Oh my God.
 - This is actually really sick from Yo.
 He's delaying the dock, and his dock will be faster,
 but he didn't get a Ville kill, obviously.
 - Falling the shore fish, that's so smart, dude.
 He's just pissing off Vales,
 but Vales is gonna go off to the right side.
 He wants that shore fish.
 He's gonna find one there.
 They'll delay the dock quite a bit, though.
 That's gonna be like a whole fishing ship's
 worth of delayed.
 - Yeah, potentially.
 Obviously, the villager was walking around,
 but now you've had, what, two idols for Vales?
 Plus, Vales is down two goats.
 I mean, these are the little things
 that can make a difference.
 Yo's villager will be happy to run around
 as long as there's at least one villager
 from Vales chasing all the time, too.
 - Exactly, and the thing about this situation
 is that without the scout, if both players have a scout,
 no one can really kill the villagers,
 so this is just a trade-off of idle time,
 and Vales did commit to loom, by the way,
 so it's completely even on the land
 in terms of idle time and loom.
 - Well, it is cheaper to go up to the next stage
 with Italians still.
 I like how Yo is happy to run away
 with a full HP scout, or not full HP, sorry,
 but higher HP scout,
 and doesn't really wanna take engagements,
 and now-- - I've been losing
 every scout fight lately, I'm pissed.
 - You have been? (laughs)
 - Yeah, I've been losing every scout fight lately.
 It's going out with a little bit of extra HP
 is such a good feeling, like,
 I haven't had in a while, but damn,
 pretty sick. - Well,
 I would just hate to be in Vales's shoes.
 Yo is notorious for things like sneak villagers
 and forwards and stuff like that,
 and now there's a villager here,
 and you wanna stop it, but the only way to stop it
 is to chase it, and you don't wanna chase it,
 so you just decide not to do that.
 So, it's gotta be awkward here for sure.
 - There's actually, I think we're moving towards a meta
 where, especially when there's weird maps in tournaments,
 forward villager, and I see Sato doing it a lot,
 forward villagers give a ton of value
 in terms of messing up your opponent's plan,
 and that's something we're seeing
 quite successfully here in this game,
 and just that forward villager,
 Vales has to always think about that,
 and he doesn't know what Yo's gonna go for.
 - I think it'd be funny if Yo docked right next to his dock,
 like if he were to build his second dock
 right here on the front,
 then again, I guess he couldn't defend his own fish as much,
 but as Vales is still gonna be up,
 and now his house is even being attacked,
 so now he's gotta make more houses?
 Like, oh God, this must be so annoying.
 - It's so annoying, yeah,
 like now he's dropping down two houses.
 I think the forward dock is a little bit risky though,
 'cause then you're disconnected where your fires come out,
 and that's actually a pretty big deal,
 so probably dock at home for Yo makes more sense
 if he wants to go to the water,
 but hold on, he's looking like a T90, you got it, bro.
 - I mean, it probably won't work,
 but it made sense to me in my brain, so.
 - Yeah, Yo agrees, and that rock is a wall,
 so I think, yeah, this is totally fine.
 Yo will get this dock up,
 and does have that shorefish nearby as well,
 and this will make it near impossible.
 Well, actually, I say this,
 but even Vales's docks are kinda disconnected here.
 Pretty interesting. - Yeah, a little bit.
 - Like, what's annoying is, wherever you're gonna fish,
 there's gonna be that dock there
 that you have to do something about,
 so as, good job for Vales with a faster feudal
 to kill the scout for Yo, or at least he's working on it.
 - Oh, oh, he's gonna get it, for no way, he's gonna get it.
 - It's, I mean, he's got a long way to run, surely.
 There's gonna be a kill here.
 - Yeah, there it is.
 - Okay, and Yo just house-walled in a villager for Vales.
 Are you kidding me?
 Are you kidding me? - That's crazy.
 - Yo's like, this isn't your house, but you live here now.
 (laughing)
 - You live on the outside of this house,
 in between two trees, oh God.
 And you can, in theory, make a galley
 and kill that villager if you even want to.
 He's gonna go for another wall,
 and I think Yo was looking for it.
 - I have no clue what's happening,
 but Harrow, what you said, to your point,
 about being disconnected, this is a concern for Yo.
 Oh, wait, Yo could kill the villa, actually?
 Yo's also taking some hits back home.
 There's so much to focus on,
 you can only imagine how the players are feeling right now.
 - Yeah, and this just isn't the type of game
 that Vales ever wanted with the Italians.
 He wanted to go two docks, go fires or galleys, whatever,
 and now Yo has turned it into a different game.
 But still, Vales, he has the edge
 when it comes to the fire ship engagements,
 and so that's at least good for him
 as Yo is making a forward archer range.
 - But hold on, Vales did get town watch, actually.
 Vales sees it, wow, town watch is huge,
 went to the forward villager.
 Sick, man, sick.
 - Yeah, so now he can wall it out,
 and in theory continue to win, focus on water.
 Yo though's now finished on water.
 He's been repairing a little bit.
 Could lose a fishing ship,
 but I think he'd take losing a fishing ship
 if it would mean winning the water in the future fights.
 A good micro for Vales as well, and Vales backs away.
 This is a sick game here, Harrow.
 - Sick, and fishing ships are like villagers, guys,
 like if you have a fishing ship on one HP,
 you almost don't care as long as
 it's working safely after that.
 So using that HP is just so smart
 to get that lead on the fire galley front of it here.
 - So what's more difficult, to control water
 from Yo's point of view,
 or Vales's point of view right now?
 - Dude, I think it's probably equally as hard,
 but I would say maybe slightly for Vales it's harder,
 because you don't know what Yo's aggression's looking like.
 Yo kind of sets the tempo for the game.
 And he's also been able to snipe some fish.
 The villager next to the house is gonna get shot down
 by that archer now, so she'll die.
 But as a positive for Vales, he did know this was coming,
 but he doesn't have a range yet.
 He doesn't have any ranged defense,
 and Yo could maybe still find his way through,
 as Yo is taking another good engagement on water.
 The chaos is paying off.
 - Wow, this is huge.
 And actually, so what's happening right now
 is Vales is taking the wall approach,
 so he's gonna be walling off this archers,
 but Yo can still make archers,
 and then win the water and transport over.
 That is an angle to take here,
 'cause there's not a lot of space
 that the transfer has to travel here,
 and it looks like Yo is actually winning the water.
 Vales isn't committing as hard as I'd want him to
 at this point.
 - I think Vales, he didn't know what to do.
 Walling could've worked without the barracks, right?
 I think when he was adding the barracks,
 he maybe didn't have the wood,
 maybe didn't have the gold or whatever
 to make ships or couldn't micro.
 And Yo's setting the pace of the game.
 He's been untouched at home,
 with the exception of a scout,
 which I think died next to a wood line or something.
 And this is, these are the types of games I love, right?
 Like I love the meta breakers, I love the messiness.
 Vales has a villager on the left
 that's now gonna go down to two archers.
 This is all Mr. Yo right now.
 - Yeah, and like going forward,
 what every water map or hybrid map
 should be in tournaments with is,
 things that could happen, every game is different,
 and it feels like there's no set kinda meta.
 And this just leads to games like this, I think,
 where this is what high level Age of Empires is all about,
 being able to adapt on the fly,
 having a prepared strategy and being able to
 kinda mix it up based on the situation,
 based on what your opponent throws at you here.
 Looks like Yo is trying to go castle age, by the way.
 He's got five farms?
 No horse collar, oh, with horse collar, actually.
 That's pretty huge.
 - Isn't it funny though?
 'Cause like, I guarantee you,
 like your mindset right now is like,
 "Oh, I appreciate this.
 "This is so cool, variety, variety."
 If you're in Vales's shoes,
 that is the furthest thing from your mind.
 You're like, "Oh my God, like what do I do?
 "Like, oh, my whole strategy's ruined.
 "Like, oh, gotta play the game normal."
 You know, like, as a caster though,
 we're just like, "Oh yeah, this is cool, man.
 "This is fun."
 - Yeah, that's the thing, man.
 Like, these games are the hardest to play for the players,
 but also the most frustrating.
 Like, if you're losing these games,
 you're all over the place, you're flustered.
 It's not like you lost 'cause of some micro.
 You lost 'cause there's just so many things going on
 and you just got beat to them, basically.
 - Good. - I still demoed there,
 but I still think it's a small win.
 - Old for Vales.
 Yeah, yeah, small win.
 Also, good end up being massive
 if you could keep both of these ships alive,
 but it doesn't seem like they're cooperating.
 - Oh, he's blocking himself.
 - Yeah. - Rough.
 Yeah, and now Yohi gets away with that one.
 Yoh, any transfer ship going through?
 Not really.
 Yoh kind of abandoned that archer play.
 He made two, forced him off the wood line,
 and to be fair, Vales is producing
 a lot of archers now as well, randomly.
 - Yeah, and I think for Yoh,
 the outpost on the right side of his base is so important
 because if the archers were to come in,
 he'll have vision on that now.
 I think Yoh's food eco is gonna be good enough
 where he might not even go archers in the next stage.
 I think he might just go into a stable,
 and personally, I like to see the stable at home
 because if archers do come over,
 you wanna have an answer for that.
 - Yep, I definitely agree with that.
 Yeah, I definitely agree with that.
 I would even maybe expect two stables
 from Mr. Yoh at home as well,
 and just play knights from home now,
 and you're kind of chilling.
 The good thing about knights is the mobility,
 if you just do them from home, you're always safe,
 and then you can just push out no problem.
 - Yeah, it sucks if you're in Vales's shoes
 'cause you kinda wanna fight back on water,
 but now maybe 25% of the fish are gone,
 you're already behind on water, so he's not gonna do that.
 Look at Yoh's stable.
 Are you sure Lix isn't playing right now?
 He's going full Lix, man.
 He's just like, "This is what I'm gonna do.
 "I want you to look at it."
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, I'm going knights, you try to stop it.
 That's what he's saying to his opponent right now.
 - The thing is, that's probably not Y's Age of Empires.
 I feel like you should hide it,
 but there's also the mental aspect
 where why not show them that and freak them out?
 - Unless he's insane and makes one stable there
 and then two stables at home, forces Vales to wall one way
 and then attacks him from a completely different angle,
 but I don't know if those mining,
 that might be just way too much mind games,
 and Vales, listen, he's on the attack.
 He wants to make something happen here
 'cause he feels he's behind, and he's gonna find a villager.
 - I think this is maybe the first strategical flaw
 we could call Yo out for.
 It's just not expecting his opponent to go ranged units
 because he's had ranged units for a while.
 There's no water for Vales.
 You should expect something, and fortunately for Yo,
 he can damage control.
 He's not gonna lose many more villagers here,
 and I'm sure one knight will deal with this,
 but just a little sloppy there for Yo.
 Could've made more of his situation.
 - He did do, all this idle time, he's shifting his gold.
 All of a sudden, if Yo somehow loses this game,
 you come back to this moment, and you think,
 "Man, that was actually a big mistake."
 'Cause he's really taking a lot of damage
 to what shouldn't have even troubled him in the slightest,
 besides that one build on the walls.
 He's gonna make a knight now to clear it up.
 He is slowly pushing from his stable
 at Vales's position as well now.
 Now going with the siege workshop,
 so that's his main plan here.
 That's his main plan.
 - Yeah, and you see Vales hop out.
 There's actually small potential for Vales to deny this
 'cause he's gonna run out with his archers.
 And Yo notices, now the knight's gonna come out for Yo
 as well, this is gonna be really intense for Vales.
 Oh, he's not able to get it. - Yo's fine.
 That's just so huge, 'cause the ships,
 they are blocking the situation,
 and now the villager will definitely be able
 to get that siege workshop up.
 House behind the throne, Vales will stay safe here.
 Vales's archers will be found now.
 Yo is chasing them with a knight,
 and a town center at home for Yo.
 I actually like this 'cause he's Sicilian,
 so you definitely wanna get town centers.
 - Yeah, and he's such good foodie kill
 that doesn't rely on the water.
 Though he's pushing, and Vales is very much in a position
 where Vales is to throw everything out this forward,
 and I think Yo's gonna have a massive lead.
 This has been one of the more entertaining strategies
 that I've seen in this tournament,
 if not the most entertaining.
 Denying the dock, delaying the dock,
 using the forward Ville, transitioning into eco behind,
 this is so well played for Mr. Yo.
 - And I swear it's almost like that forward Ville one
 in the game, 'cause that completely,
 just through the timing off from Vales,
 and Italians are nothing but a sip of timing,
 if you really think about it.
 With the cheaper A jump,
 the water is just a fight of timing as well.
 So it's just like throwing that whole thing off 30 seconds
 just makes such a big difference.
 Now the siege is coming in,
 now the knights are pretty unstoppable.
 They will break in here it seems.
 - Yeah, and if they get any more damage in,
 we're borderline at GG already, because--
 - Oh god. - I think even if there was
 no damage, and yeah, there's the GG.
 - Literally. - If there's no damage,
 the economy's still gonna be better for Yo,
 the control's still gonna be better for Yo,
 Les still needs to get a lot of conversions,
 which he was gonna try for.
 25 minute game, but that was as entertaining
 as some of those crazy back and forth games that go an hour.
 So cool.
 - 100%, yo, with a clean strategy,
 and what we consider to be the weaker Sib on this map here,
 and yeah, to be honest, of all the games
 I've seen on this map, it just felt like the meta,
 or the winning strategy, was a little bit of water fights.
 As you said, fire galleys actually tend to perform
 really well in messy games, and then you just try
 to get a forward position with some sort of land attack,
 and it's just been so successful.
 One thing we didn't talk about as well is that Yo
 got both farm and wood upgrade and cast ledge,
 so he was actually prioritizing his economy
 while pushing on the land, and I love to see that.
 - Yeah, sick stuff, and that's,
 I have not talked a lot about saving strategies
 in a tournament like this, I don't think Yo necessarily did,
 but I don't think anyone did that to Velez before,
 I think that was the first time Velez had ever encountered
 something like that, which obviously helps,
 if that were to become meta, then by the time Velez
 makes it to the finals, he's prepped to deal with it.
 GG for Yo, but definitely lining up to be a series
 that's gonna go back and back, back and back,
 well, back and forth here. - Back and back, true.
 20 seconds away from this next game, by the way,
 Coast to Mountains the map, Huns versus Poles,
 very interesting, dude, what do you think of Poles,
 by the way, I'm tired of seeing this Sib being passed over,
 it's so good, is it not?
 - Well, not on hybrid maps, I don't think hybrid maps,
 they're very good, so that is a little alarming for Yo,
 it probably comes back to having, like not having options,
 I would maybe even prefer to see Portuguese
 on a hybrid map, but no, I think the Polish eco
 is insane, yeah, it's absolutely insane,
 and it is something that if they're given the time,
 they're able to dominate virtually any civilization,
 and it's not, they're a bit goth-like in some stages
 where it's not even down to a good KD,
 it's just making so many units, so I,
 one of my biggest regrets as a caster was,
 and I mean, I was right at the end of the day,
 but sometimes I get focused on certain things,
 and I remember Red Bull last year,
 Vincenster picked Poles, and I was just so annoyed
 with him picking Poles, because you know,
 Vincenster's reputation for a while was to pick a Sib
 that he shouldn't and die, right, so like,
 I listened to that back, and I was like,
 dude, you gotta shut up, like I just,
 ah, Poles suck, why do you do Poles?
 And I feel bad about that still, but afterwards,
 of course, like three months later,
 everyone's starting to figure out the Poles,
 so I can kinda see why he might have done that,
 so what do you think about Poles on Costa Mountain, though,
 because when you're thinking Poles,
 you're thinking mining stone and receiving
 a bit of gold as well, and you're thinking
 about the farming eco usually.
 - Yeah, so I actually think that their biggest weakness
 is being forced to play water,
 because then you don't farm, and it almost seems like
 Yo is not playing water this game, actually.
 - Oh. - Yeah.
 And because of that weakness, like, basically,
 there's two things that make Poles,
 not gonna say overpowered, but strong.
 It's the farming around the full works
 that is really strong, and then the next bonus,
 which is the mining stone that also gives you gold,
 that just opens up so many doors, like forward castles,
 you know, stuff that you can't do with other civilization,
 I think that's why I really like them,
 and I think that their late game
 is definitely very solid as well,
 but not docking on this map, like that's,
 there's a risk to that, I'm not sure what you think
 about that one, the OT 90.
 - Yeah, I just, so here's what should happen, right?
 If Yo wants to go for no dock,
 then Velez is scouting the shoreline
 with his camo right now, he will see no dock,
 and he will just add a second dock of his own,
 and he'll spam fishing ships.
 So as it stands, Velez already has one eco up
 over his opponent, because he's open with the dock.
 It's gonna be like five, 10, and I don't know
 Polish farms are necessarily good enough
 to bring you back from that deficit.
 So I guess we are gonna see a dock for Yo.
 A little weird to see it at this point though,
 'cause usually players send one villager
 this direction right away, and then they build the TC
 with the other ones.
 - Dude, is this like a 200 IQ play to like,
 make your opponent think you're not docking,
 and then you have a dock?
 Dude, there's no way he's thought that through though.
 - Yeah, true, you're right, 'cause now,
 if you look at the scouting for Velez,
 he assumes there's no dock.
 Also, if he were to lose the camel there,
 oh, that would've been sick.
 - That would've been crazy.
 Actually, you can tell by how Yo garrisoned there
 that I think he really wanted to kill the camel.
 I think he knows this dock is very sneaky, to be honest.
 - Okay.
 It's so hard not to give Yo credit for those things,
 but I feel like if we were to ask Yo, he'd just be like,
 "No, I just forgot.
 "I forgot to save Deville."
 - That's the thing, like you don't wanna put them
 on such a high pedestal, like oh my god,
 well he thought of the craziest thing when you're casting,
 but at the same time, this is a very odd thing to do,
 so you wonder, it could either be something very potato
 or very intelligent.
 - He's close to losing a Vele here to this elephant.
 And yeah, how strict, there you go, he's good.
 - Do you think that should be patched out,
 or is that something that just has to stay in the game?
 - Nah, I think it's good.
 - Okay, I agree.
 They're taking away the Maginot delete though,
 you know about that, right?
 - Well, are they taking it out with hill advantage
 or just the normal delete?
 Because it's the dumbest thing in the world
 where you can delete a Mangonel,
 and on flat ground they do the same amount of damage.
 This is the stupidest thing ever,
 I know it makes the hype moments,
 but it makes zero sense.
 There's at least some sense to,
 if you're firing up the hill,
 deleting, which is a risk I suppose,
 to do a little bit more damage.
 So I don't know which one, I don't know if it's both,
 but I think it's definitely good for the game.
 These shots where people are on flat ground
 deleting their Mangonels to make the Mangonels
 do more damage is just ridiculous.
 So that's my take.
 - I have to agree with that, yeah.
 I think the hill one makes for a little bit of a,
 you know, you can at least defend a little bit.
 - Oh my God, yo.
 - Oh my God, that's crazy.
 That's a free villager.
 - Yeah. - It's a free villager.
 - And even if Velez would have got the first hit,
 the Polish villagers heal up.
 So that would be an easy win for yo,
 and you could see why there's a big difference between them.
 And now, wait a second,
 Velez can't get his second dock up.
 He was on gold, he wanted to go water,
 and he has to send a vill across the map.
 I don't think that villager's there for an elephant.
 I think she's going over there to end up docking.
 - Yep, and yo is docking on Velez's forehead here.
 He's up 30 seconds faster.
 - Wow, man.
 - Dude, this might just be like an insta-win on the water.
 Yo's on gold, he's not missing a beat here.
 - And he's cold too, so like, if you win on water,
 or at least are competitive on water,
 and you get into farming later,
 I know Hun's not having to make houses and whatnot
 is actually really beneficial for them,
 but that's sick.
 We have an immediate switch of strategy for Velez though.
 He's going barracks right there in the middle of the map.
 So, as his camel's heading to the north to scout for yo,
 I think he's gonna go archers now.
 - I almost just wanna see a tower defense from yo.
 Like, you're mining stone with poles.
 Like, as soon as yo wins the water,
 I think you just go to stone and tower defense.
 At least two towers on that main land.
 I almost wanna see that and then develop from there.
 - So, by the way, I don't know if I,
 if this is 100%, but I trust the user who said this.
 Apparently, deleting makes no difference whatsoever
 in the upcoming changes.
 - Oh, okay.
 - So, my take on that is Huang is gonna love it.
 If he finds it, it really buffs all the Mangonel pushes,
 which I don't think is necessarily bad for the game,
 by the way, 'cause DCs are already pretty strong, but.
 - Bad for my game, but I agree.
 - Yeah, bad for your game, bad for your game,
 better for others, I guess.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 And I think that it's something that does
 shake up things ever so slightly,
 but does shake it up nonetheless.
 By the way, Valise is gonna go for two galleys
 and snipe fish, which is 100% the correct approach.
 Like, you have to do that.
 That's so smart.
 And he's also going for stable on the land.
 And we are seeing the full work and the barracks from yo.
 So, he's transitioned to land himself,
 but I'm just not sure how the timing's gonna play out.
 - I personally would prefer to have seen a range,
 because you're already on wood,
 and you're already on gold.
 And if you were to start with a normal scout
 that could already attack, I like scouts,
 because boom, you get the second scout,
 you're killing villagers.
 But one scout is just gonna force a spearmen from yo,
 and yo would just have so much time with a spearmen
 to get his walls down, in theory.
 I feel like with the archers, if you show up,
 yo has to go for a tower, or he is nothing.
 You know, a spearmen wouldn't cut it there.
 But he is actually gonna add a range as well here for Valise.
 - Actually, fully agree with everything you just said,
 by the way.
 That was, I have nothing to add, that's perfect.
 And now, he's adding the range,
 but it just makes sense to have the range first,
 and then maybe later a stable,
 because then he has more archers.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - Yeah, exactly, that's how,
 and now, I think Valise is realizing,
 I have one scout, bro, this guy's not doing anything.
 He's waiting for a second, but yeah,
 it feels like not the most impactful of a push.
 And yo is completely winning the water, by the way.
 And yeah, Valise managed to have a couple fish boats,
 but nothing too crazy there at the galleys.
 - But this is crucial timing.
 If you look at yo's camel, he's scouting the base,
 and he's not gonna see anything.
 And I think the positioning of the buildings for Valise,
 as well as the patience with his army,
 'cause he is waiting for an archer,
 is so important here.
 I do not see yo getting all of his walls down in time.
 That said, Valise is attacking the barracks,
 which has to be a little misclick there,
 and that's gonna give yo a bit of a heads up.
 - Yeah, but yo is abandoning the full walls,
 which I actually think he shouldn't.
 I think he should get the spearman there,
 and actually rush down the full walls.
 Even if it was one villager,
 you just don't wanna risk playing an open battlefield now.
 It means tons.
 So you just risk it.
 You send two, three bills, you full wall,
 and then you're completely safe on the land after that.
 And he's making a tower,
 but it just has to be full walls here.
 It's so much better, no?
 - I mean, he doesn't know exactly.
 He sees the archer, maybe a little concerned.
 You gotta make the decision right away, right?
 - Yeah, true.
 - He might try and do both, actually.
 I guess the tower would defend the wood line in a sense.
 - True, true.
 I don't even mind it.
 Yeah, if he gets a market and a house,
 I think it should be enough stonewall.
 Oh, God, hate to see it.
 - Well, with poles, I actually love it.
 'Cause I mean, you can go to stone a little later.
 - True, true.
 - And you can't make a town center anyways
 with 75 stone, so.
 Okay, so looking pretty good for Yoda,
 and he's got some fish,
 not as many as you would normally want.
 And he has completely protected himself so far
 from scouts and archers when he had just a spearman.
 - He's luring an elephant to the mill, by the way.
 It's not just in "Loyola Legends."
 It's also in the grand finals of the 10K tournament.
 Gotta love to see it.
 - He's got a wall too, though.
 This is completely open on the other side.
 - Yep.
 - If he was maybe on stone, he could think about towers.
 Okay, he's bought the stone,
 but I still feel like this tower's gotta be
 well placed here for you.
 - I think that's good enough.
 He's in a wall at the top, tower here.
 Yeah, you shouldn't really be able
 to do too much there from Velaz.
 And Velaz did the right thing, by the way,
 just not wasting time going right to the right side
 of the base and just trying to get in there.
 But Yo is probably gonna be safe,
 and I think now he's on stone.
 I would even say go heavy on stone as poles here.
 It's not a bad thing to get down to.
 - Well, I mean, I also love what Velaz
 has been able to do at home.
 He's got a total of seven farms.
 We talk a lot about transitional eco in these hybrid maps
 and that on top of taking the hunt.
 And Yo is buying some food at the moment.
 Obviously, though, poles can be insane.
 If they can start to get their farms down,
 ideally with horse collar around the full work,
 it becomes really, really good for Yo.
 What is that, like 12 villagers dropping off the food
 from the elephants?
 - This is crazy, man.
 He's desperate.
 He just buys it.
 He gets like, okay, let's just get up there.
 Dude, it's so crazy.
 We see two different approaches
 from two different civilizations,
 and they're both neck and neck Castle time.
 Like, what is Age of Empires, bro?
 Like, this is crazy stuff.
 - They both played so well in the semi-finals,
 and they're both playing really well here.
 But finally, like, the previous game was kind of over
 on the way to Castle Age.
 And I feel like this game is gonna go on
 for a lot longer here, so I'm happy to see that.
 - I don't think that, yeah, Yo is adding fishing ships now.
 I think he should have done that a little bit earlier.
 I think maybe he was respecting the galleys
 a little bit too much,
 but he's not really making use of the water.
 He's got two fishers only.
 - Also, look at this tower here for Velez.
 He just casually built the tower.
 I don't think Yo noticed it.
 And now Yo can't comfortably take the stone.
 There's also archers inside the tower.
 - You can't hop that, can you?
 - I think you probably could, but,
 well, actually, if you could, it would be worth it.
 - Yeah, yeah, I think if you could, you would.
 So I don't think you can.
 - Well, he should be, if he's trying,
 it would be ejecting, at least, right?
 Velez probably has some honor to him.
 He's like, "Oh no, that's a glitch."
 - But, dude, would he do that?
 I don't know.
 - I mean, I would take full advantage of it
 if I could do it, and I'd laugh the whole time.
 So I...
 (both laughing)
 - I'm not the right guy to ask, fair enough.
 I'm the same boat, bro.
 - If it's in the game, it's legal, that's how I say it.
 Unless it's specifically set in the rules, of course.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah, listen, it's gonna be a cab archer angle
 for Velez, second range going down, bloodlines.
 It's definitely gonna be cab archers,
 but I almost don't like cab archers
 when you have forward ranges.
 It gets really messy really fast, I think.
 - Well, I do like what he's done overall to Yo's economy.
 Yo has one single farm with the poles.
 So that fact right there,
 is that archer is doing a weird glitch there for Velez.
 That's good.
 And also, Velez has full vision on where Yo will go.
 Whether it's in the middle of the map,
 where he's got even villagers taking stone, boldly.
 He just sees everything.
 So he knows Yo's gonna go scorpions or mangonels here.
 He knows Yo won't have a lot of space.
 And I think space is so important for the poles,
 if they wanna get those farms down.
 - Yeah, I think especially on a map like this,
 where you don't exactly have a lot of space,
 if you're naturally crammed into a corner,
 losing more of that from your opponent,
 it just makes it that much harder.
 And Velez making a knight, by the way,
 that's really smart.
 I see a lot of players when they go cab archers,
 they kinda just wait till they get the mask,
 but it makes the aggression so slow.
 So getting that one knight out.
 Small investment gets you the pressure, and it's huge.
 It is a big deal.
 - Delayed the monastery here for a while as well.
 I mean, think of the Polish bonuses we talked about.
 If you mine stone, you get some gold from it.
 And then if you place farms around full works,
 their food counts spikes.
 And I think Yo's gonna start to place those farms,
 but I mean, as of now, he's only placed one farm,
 and he's barely been on stone this game.
 So this is amazing for Velez.
 - None of the bonuses being used so far,
 or used very efficiently.
 Also that one tower that Velez made,
 that's gonna get Manginol down now.
 So it just feels like Yo is struggling to set up his base,
 or not necessarily struggling,
 but definitely is delayed in setting up his base,
 and only now getting to the rest of the farms, basically.
 - Yeah, this is Yo for you, though.
 He's like, well, this isn't the best.
 His army's coming to my base.
 Am I gonna respond to it with my army?
 Nope, I'm actually just gonna hope
 he doesn't realize I'm gone,
 and hope he runs into my towers.
 But I think Velez could justify running past there.
 It's just, it's always awkward in this position,
 'cause you don't know 100% how this fight's gonna go.
 - Yeah, you don't even know what's there, really,
 but Velez takes a gamble, goes to the back.
 There's a Manginol and a Skorpion and a couple towers.
 If you might go correctly, Velez could do some damage,
 but it's also a pretty easy defense from Yo
 if he just keeps that Manginol alive.
 - Oh, man, the repairs, so clutch.
 And now the fact that Yo, I mean, he's attacking a mill.
 But the fact that he actually has the Knights forward
 right now is such a big plus.
 - Yeah, actually, Velez has nothing to defend there.
 He's gonna rush down the town center,
 'cause he realizes that you just got nothing
 in the back there to defend.
 But of course, Yo is just chilling on the coast there.
 Not too much action there.
 And those two cat-watches are being forced back, dude.
 - I'm not even sure how I think about cat-watches nowadays.
 I don't even know if they're good.
 I think you need a lot of them
 for them to really be scary, to be honest.
 - Well, you can boom really easily while making them,
 which I think is a plus.
 My rule of thumb is if you're faster to Castle Age,
 it's an amazing unit.
 But you're not gonna have time to really mask them
 if you have even Castle Age compared to someone who mixes in,
 what is Yo doing here?
 Someone who mixes in Skorpions or Knights.
 (dramatic music)
 - Yeah, and then low numbers,
 you get countered by everything.
 You get encountered by Monks, you get encountered by Skorpions.
 This feels like there's a lot of things
 that you can't get done with the cat-watches.
 They also shoot pretty slow,
 but obviously that mobility too.
 Three town centers from Velez, only two from Yo.
 But I think you only really need two
 if you're using the farms properly,
 which he is starting to do that now.
 - Yeah, those Knights, they are being moved around now,
 but they checked to see if Velez would have town-centered
 any of those golden stones on the shoreline.
 That is definitely a focus in the long-term on this map,
 so everyone should pay attention to the mini-map there.
 Yo is just full work city over here,
 adding another full work, going to place more farms,
 his food count's gonna spike.
 I think whether or not he adds a third town center here
 in a second really tells us his plan.
 Three TCs would probably be better
 if he wouldn't have had to wall so close to the corner,
 'cause now it looks awkward
 if you place a third one in there.
 (upbeat music)
 - I think I might have rewinded a little bit,
 but I am getting right back to speed.
 My bad about that chat.
 And yeah, nasty the walls going down on the top side.
 I almost think that Yo should prioritize mining stone
 just in case the pressure from Velez builds up.
 'Cause I think, but that being said,
 you don't really care for the fast imp as poles.
 Like what do you do here?
 Do you go for like,
 as like cast, like late cast?
 I don't know what units to make here.
 Maybe our blast straight up.
 - Well, he's going to place a town center.
 Now the two archers for Velez that hopped out of that tower
 that I'm sure he forgot about might see that TC.
 In theory, Velez could deny that.
 Not with just the two archers,
 but maybe another cab archer.
 But the main group of cab archers is a long way away.
 But I think he notices here, Hara.
 He's heading over with a knight and a cab archer right now.
 - Really strong reaction time from Velez.
 I feel like he's really on,
 he's really on the ball when it comes to--
 - There's also a hole. - There's a hole for the knight.
 - Oh, that's big, that's big, that's big.
 - Yeah, and this is going to allow Velez
 to really snowball this.
 He's got three town centers.
 Remember, he didn't have fish for very long in this game.
 And if that town center would have gone up,
 it would have been even.
 But now that the TC's not going up,
 this will mean Velez takes the lead.
 - I actually think I much prefer Velez's position here
 'cause keep in mind guys on this map,
 there's a hill at the top.
 So if Velez is sitting at the top of the base there,
 ooh, that ground comes in clutch though.
 Scorpion hits also quite heavy.
 If you stay at the top, you have the hill bonus.
 I just don't know if that's enough incentive to stay there.
 He might want to just run.
 - Yeah, I think with Yo having one monk there,
 this is actually the perfect amount.
 One Mangonel, three Scorpions, and one monk.
 And there's nothing Velez can really do, but he might.
 This is where I get stuck
 because if I were in Velez's shoes, I would do, okay.
 He's going for a siege workshop.
 That's what I would want to do.
 But anytime I get a considerable amount of siege,
 my opponent's going to have a castle with poles
 because of their, because of mining stone this whole time.
 So. - Yeah.
 - I don't know.
 What do you think about the siege?
 Good to apply pressure anyways, I guess?
 - I think you probably want to go siege
 from Velez's position
 because you don't really know if you're behind or not.
 And I think you think you're behind.
 These are some nasty shots from the Mangonels,
 by the way, from Yo, I will say.
 So I think siege is good.
 And I will say, even if there's a castle on one side,
 you can still push the other.
 So it's not bad. - Yeah, that's true.
 - But I do agree.
 I think poles are extremely tricky
 to play against in this situation.
 If I was, Yo is up to imp, what?
 - These full works are insane, man.
 - That's what I'm telling you.
 You gave poles away.
 You know what I mean?
 Like poles was the second safety you gave away.
 Ah, God.
 It's so strong.
 People need to respect the civ.
 - Well, again, in theory, Velez,
 who's collecting relics in the middle of the map,
 which I hate, I prefer he take them home,
 but in theory, Velez will be up relatively soon
 because he hasn't been spending a lot of food.
 He's only making cav archers,
 but I think early Imperial age is where poles can shine.
 If it goes late, the fact they don't get
 the final armor upgrade on their cav really hurts.
 But after that unique tech, which is,
 I don't know how to say it,
 so I just say Sriracha privileges.
 After Sriracha is completed, things get pretty hot.
 And there could be 50, 60, 70 cavalier.
 And I still think that's too cheap.
 I think like 60% off combined with all these farms
 is maybe a bit much for the poles.
 That's how strong they are.
 - I think you definitely slow it on the farms
 before touching that tech.
 - Maybe, maybe, yeah.
 - It's really expensive.
 Dude, I think you just go winged tussar here, honestly.
 - Of course you, what, what?
 - Yes, but no, like it's actually good here.
 - Well yeah, but so is cavalier.
 Cavalier ends the game.
 - No it doesn't.
 - So you're saying winged tussar
 because cavalier is not strong enough
 and then you save up a bunch of gold
 and then flood with your gold bank.
 - 'Cause if you go cavalier, then you,
 okay, he's gonna go cavalier.
 Sriracha privileges.
 - You're the only person in the top 20
 who would open winged tussar
 and actually think it's a good idea.
 - Because you open tussar, you spam your food,
 excuse me, and then you switch to arbalest
 and like boom, I have a perfect comp.
 If I go cavalier, then what do I do after?
 Then I have to get the tussar attack later, so.
 - Okay.
 - We'll see, if yo loses this, come back to me, bro.
 I might talk some shit, but come back to me,
 you know what I mean?
 - Yeah, okay.
 Hey, I mean, I have no, you know,
 you could, I could pick your save every game,
 I'd probably still lose, so I don't really know.
 - If it's like, we should turn this into a competition,
 'cause I'll lose, but cavalier's on the way,
 and I think Velez is gonna expect this,
 but I haven't seen additional barracks for him yet.
 Are you worried about that?
 - I almost feel like against pulls, you don't want barracks.
 I think what you should do is definitely go cav archers,
 and if anything, you wanna wall the defensive castles.
 That's better than halvs,
 because they're missing the last armor,
 so you actually just need to survive,
 and halv isn't really the way to do it.
 - So, Yo had early cavalier in an instance against ACCM,
 and then also an instance against Say My Name,
 so the last two players he played,
 and what he would do is,
 I think this is the smartest thing you can do,
 he wouldn't address the castle in this situation,
 he wouldn't address the cav archers.
 His first wave loops around a raid,
 and it's super tough to deal with raids,
 like, how are you gonna wall this map, right?
 You would have to stonewall the whole map,
 which is probably unrealistic,
 and so if Yo could get that in,
 and then his follow-up army go into where that castle is,
 I think that would maybe be his best decision.
 - Yeah, one thing we need to talk about actually,
 Velez has four relics.
 Granted, they are in the front monastery,
 which is always a little bit scary,
 but if you can hold that position, man,
 four relics is a really good win condition to have
 in a game like this, where you are behind,
 but if you just hold, four relics is not bad.
 So here we see the cavalier come out, guys,
 148 speed, they're pretty tanky,
 but they are missing that last armor,
 which will hurt their techiness in the long run,
 for sure, against cavaliers.
 - And it actually hurts them now.
 - True. - Normally,
 you get the imp armor,
 we have a Lumber Camp quick wall from Velez,
 a Lumber Camp quick wall again.
 That's sick. - Dude, he hunts,
 he can't make a house, that's insane, actually.
 - Love it. - Dude, that guy's crazy.
 Chemistry ballistics, oh, sorry,
 chemistry brazier. - They just melted there.
 Like, they just melted.
 So you're saying that maybe the cavalier,
 even with the unique tech,
 could be seen as a slight waste of gold,
 and if he would have gone winged Hussar,
 he's banking gold to make a switch later.
 - 'Cause then, yeah, 'cause then you play like,
 Arbalest, 'cause now he bought the unique tech,
 and if you're not making cavalier in five minutes,
 I'm calling that a waste, right?
 - Yeah, yeah, I got you. - He only has 15 cavaliers,
 so, and look, they're just so useless, bro.
 Like, Poles have to open Arbalest into winged Hussar,
 it's their best competition.
 See, this is why people think Poles suck,
 'cause they're not using Hussar.
 (laughing)
 - I think the unique tech,
 with whatever the other one is,
 the one that gives them, like, trample damage or whatever,
 I think it's pretty pricey,
 but I can see what you mean now.
 I love how the cavalier getting in here, though.
 It's allowed you to expand to the right corner,
 so he's able to take more of the map,
 and he's also gonna take out that monastery.
 That is the most triggering thing I've seen
 in this final so far.
 Why collect the relics for the enemy?
 Just get your monks and make a new monastery at home.
 You don't have to build houses the entire game.
 So just save the wood, make another monastery,
 and have the relics at your base.
 - Don't you feel like it's so annoying to do that, though?
 Like, I don't even,
 I'm not gonna say it's too hard to multitask.
 I would say it's just too annoying to do that.
 That's what I think, at least, with all of the monks.
 - I would say it is annoying,
 but it's more annoying to lose the relics now.
 - Yeah, that is true.
 - So it's like, what's worse for you,
 I guess, in the long term?
 - Yeah.
 - And look at Yo.
 I mean, he's using this cavalier flood,
 and he's using two trebuchets
 to go after the castle for Velez,
 and Velez is a big, massive CA,
 and it's probably the better army right now,
 but Yo's just spreading out with everything,
 and continuing the flood.
 - Like, whoa, that's huge.
 - Okay, a couple kills here now.
 How many CA does he send after this, is my question?
 'Cause if he sends like 20, that's fine.
 He really needs to have CA on the front era.
 Down goes the castle, the raids continue for Yo,
 but still no sign of a tech switch.
 It's still just cavalier for him.
 - Yeah, and the problem is, like, the longer this goes,
 and oh, crop rotation from Yo,
 normally I'd say this is a huge waste,
 but with Pause, does it even make sense to get it?
 Is it worth it?
 - I think it's worth it.
 I think what's gonna hurt Yo in a second, though,
 is that he hasn't killed a cav archer in,
 well, okay, he just killed one, as I said it,
 but for the most part,
 he hasn't been taking engagements against cav archers.
 - Yeah.
 - All of him.
 And so, while Vills have gone down for Velez,
 he's still got 130, and he's now got 70 cav archers,
 not even fully upgraded yet.
 So, he could get heavy cav archer,
 and I don't know if Yo can engage against the death ball.
 - And he's literally 200 pop, by the way.
 Like, Velez is completely,
 the worst part about Velez's position
 is the fact that he lost to Veles in the front,
 and that Yo can take them.
 - Yep.
 - That's the worst, and Yo will have five Veles
 if he does take them, but Yo,
 coming back to the cavalier, man,
 I genuinely think it's not a good approach.
 I think now he needs arbalest, or at least Skirmz,
 but Skirmz will cut it,
 'cause there's light cav from Veles already on the field.
 - Well, I think there's concern for Veles
 when it comes to getting light cav, though,
 because he's only got 26 on food,
 and I think he's sending everything
 on a wooden gold at the moment.
 He could lose some TCs.
 We have Yo, who's gonna try and drop another castle.
 This is really bold, because if the CA were here,
 it wouldn't work, but all the cav archers,
 look at all the cav archers at the main TC.
 - Yeah, chasing to cavalier.
 - All chasing the cavalier.
 It becomes so difficult when you're reacting,
 and he's clearly realized now,
 but Yo's castle's gonna go up,
 which means the Trebs will take out the town center.
 Yeah, Harrow, I don't know if Veles
 is ever gonna have that eco
 to be able to get full upgrades on the light cav.
 - Yeah, and I almost think that it might not even be worth it
 to switch into light cav, and that you just get
 heavy cav archer, and you just stall the game
 until you have, 'cause you can't really lose the cav archers.
 You just stall the game until you have the hissaur afterwards
 until you can afford it, but now it feels like now
 he's trying to tech into light cav a little too early.
 - Oh, boy.
 - Also, I don't think you counterattack with the cav archers.
 You send them back and try to defend.
 There's a lot of cavalier on the field right now.
 - Yeah, you could tell, this is what pressure does.
 You could tell he thought about sending a full army forward,
 and now he sees this, and it's so tough, right,
 because you know skirmisher is probably gonna be something
 that Yo mixes in, so light cav makes sense
 with that mindset, but maybe heavy cav archer
 just boosting your best unit would be the way to do it.
 He's certainly got the res right now,
 but Yo is gonna take out a trebuchet.
 Keep in mind he'll have all the relics,
 and we have Veles going for the final armor upgrade
 there for the light cav.
 - Yeah, and he is going for heavy cav archers
 just behind the Q on a range,
 but it is coming eventually here,
 but my God, we have to give credit for just Yo.
 Not only is he raiding, but he's also pushing
 and finding the right time to commit to the forward castles
 and to take that space, because Yo does not win
 in an all-out engagement, but he does win with the mobility,
 and he's using that beautifully.
 - Yeah, I think the castle that we're looking at now
 next to the trebs was key, because there's also
 a lot of golden stone there for him,
 and this is what I want to see from Yo.
 The second he sees the cav archers,
 I want him to say, "See ya,"
 and run right to Veles' base.
 He's like, "Oh, that's where your group is?
 "That's funny, I'm gonna go to your base now,"
 and Veles has to come back.
 Veles has to react to this. - You can't move out.
 Yeah, you can't move out.
 You have the best army in the field,
 and you can't move out.
 How crazy is that?
 - Yep, it all comes back to the momentum Yo was able
 to gain in early imp, the imp timings and everything,
 and oh, jeez.
 I like this for Veles.
 He's sending some of his army back,
 because he knows he can't react fully,
 but now there's skirms there too.
 This is Yo extending his lead even further.
 Will have all five relics.
 Hasn't made a single winged hussar,
 and he's killing it.
 - Yeah, dude, I gotta give him credit.
 Cavalier, skirm, it's holding up for the time being.
 However, I will say, Veles actually has a lot of resources,
 but I just question his ability to stabilize.
 Let's see if he can.
 If he can just clear the cavalier from his base,
 somehow get to hussar himself,
 which I think the tech is on the way.
 I'm not sure, though.
 - His composition is better,
 but he's down to five relics now,
 so we'll see how that plays out from here.
 - Yeah, he's also down to 80 villagers,
 which is a bit low, but he does have the CA.
 Oh, nevermind, the CA aren't able to really advance back.
 That would have been a good spot for them,
 where all the farms are for Yo.
 But yeah, the ability to spam cavalier endlessly
 is just insane with this Viv.
 - Yep.
 - I think if they had the final armor upgrade,
 it might be the best Viv in the game, honestly.
 - I was just thinking that, actually,
 'cause you have unmatched eco, right?
 - Yep.
 - We talk about camera farms, slap farms, it's pulse farms.
 That's truly the best one, I believe.
 So if they had the last armor upgrade,
 combined with cavalier and the trampoline armor,
 we can start with just crazy.
 Stonewalls from Veliz.
 We had to see that like 10 minutes ago, I think.
 It's a good move, though, it's a good move.
 - Yeah, I mean, it's something that is gonna help
 a little bit right now, but now that Yo has skirmishers,
 keep in mind, poles don't get the final armor upgrade
 on their skirmishers either.
 The skirmishers are actually gonna help
 a little bit to the CA raids.
 Good job from Veliz coming in with light cav.
 But there's just cavalier everywhere.
 Yo's trying to deny a castle for Veliz near the shoreline.
 The elephant's also trying to deny it.
 Oh, man.
 - The problem with Veliz's play here is like,
 he's trying to attack with the CA.
 That's the wrong idea.
 You have to defend the CA, attack with light cav.
 - Yeah.
 - That's what you need to do,
 'cause the light cav can just run in.
 Like when we talk about running to the back of the farm,
 the light cav could have done it where the CA couldn't.
 So that's a big problem here.
 - Yeah, and you can make the right decision
 because everywhere you go, Yo's gonna see it
 and he's gonna switch to another area.
 So, you know, if you're, it's not like
 you're just controlling one or two armies.
 You're constantly making army.
 Just, you probably, if you had to control group
 the armies you're using, you'd probably need to have
 like eight control groups, 'cause it's just patrol,
 patrol, patrol, patrol, all these different angles.
 It's so random.
 And Yo--
 - Yo's just on the right now, like just denying,
 or trying to deny castle.
 Good someone wants to release and--
 - Okay, here, real quick.
 - Yeah, you got it?
 - The camel for Velez is also walled in next to the castle.
 - Is there a camel?
 - That's a starting camel.
 - Oh, God.
 - The camel's blocking the foundation.
 Imagine if he only had one villain there.
 That's hilarious.
 - It's okay, man.
 That camel's safe.
 We leave no man behind.
 There's not even a camel.
 Gotta respect it here.
 And I think Velez is slowly burning out here, guys.
 160 pop for him, he's kind of at the limit of resources,
 and Mr. Yo is going siege ramp in his face.
 He does have the five relics, remember that.
 So gold is never an issue here.
 Siege ramp will break the top stone walls as well.
 Yo looking to break into the cavalier now.
 Big, big moves.
 - Yeah, and sucky spot when you see your pop is 160,
 and then you see your Ville count is 60.
 You're like, "Wait, what?
 "I have 100 military?"
 - Yeah, and Yo almost don't even feel that 100 military.
 I would actually believe you if you told me
 Yo had 100 military with just how the momentum's
 been this game.
 - Yeah, true.
 - It's like more well-positioned military for him.
 And the cavalier, he's just throwing them, man.
 He's just throwing them.
 - He's got 55 cavalier, and he's got 30 in Q,
 and he has 35 on gold, and he has all the relics.
 This game is well and truly over.
 Very impressive from Yo.
 I think the most impressive thing was actually
 the opening to Feudalage, because Velez was expecting
 to win water against the poles,
 and he never had that opportunity.
 That was so cool.
 - Yeah, it all comes back to the little things.
 And I think that there wasn't too many mistakes
 in the mid-game, but just maybe some late-game mistakes
 from Velez cost him a little bit.
 Maybe it's just good play from Yo.
 I see a castle now in his farm eco,
 or at least close to the gold on the right-hand side.
 As you said, Yo loves the castle near the stone mines
 and the gold mines.
 It's just his thing.
 And GG, three to one for Mr. Yo with the poles.
 Not too bad.
 - 213 cavalier were made by Yo.
 - That's crazy.
 - And he had 40 more in queue.
 - After watching this, Mr. Yo's getting murder holes,
 by the way, throwback there.
 Maybe cavalier is correct, man.
 I don't know, that seems pretty good.
 I would have loved to see Velez play
 a little bit more tight on defense,
 like just a little bit less chasey.
 But gotta give credit where credit's due,
 and Mr. Yo's macro play there in the late game
 with his military, it was fantastic.
 Really well played.
 - Well, imagine a world where Velez
 doesn't have those four relics in the middle, right?
 And then also has his cav archer in position
 where the most forward castle is for Yo in the north.
 There was definitely a point where the cav archers
 were stronger in that mass.
 So Velez didn't chase as much, right,
 if he maybe could appropriately assign
 cav archers to the different areas,
 but keep that middle position as well as have the relics.
 Maybe, I know we're still talking about the poles,
 but maybe then Yo actually starts to struggle,
 can't get as many cav out,
 and if he's not hitting Velez, Velez has his hussar.
 You know, like that was the stage of the game early,
 but I think the opportunities were there.
 But at the end of the day, poles are poles.
 Yo, I don't think he has a single farm
 placed imperfectly here.
 I'm looking one, two, three, four, five, six, seven,
 eight full works, and I think every single farm
 he's made is around the full work.
 That's just, that's poles for you.
 - Yep, and I think that's something that,
 at first, I remember when the poles first came out,
 people were like completely disrespecting that bonus,
 just making farms run the TC first and then transitioning,
 but nowadays, people realize how strong that bonus is
 and it's only farms run the full works,
 how it should be, really.
 And I really like how unique that is for the poles as well.
 - Yep, I like it a lot.
 They have so many bonuses going for them.
 Velez, he is now down three to one.
 I'm sure that won't feel good,
 but he even has one more game to work with.
 If he were to lose the next game,
 he still has opportunities.
 It's a best of nine, but Yo for me,
 it's like if Velez doesn't take full advantage
 in these small moments, Yo is more well-rounded
 with his decision-making, at least so far.
 That's what I'm seeing.
 - Dude, I think Turks might be
 the most underrated civilization in the game, by the way.
 Just the amount of options they have,
 yeah, they have some clear weaknesses, obviously,
 like the trash and stuff,
 but the amount of options they have
 on a mix of compositions, it's really good, man.
 I really like Turks these days.
 - Okay, interesting.
 According to AOE Nexus, my most played civilization is Turks.
 So I don't know who's in charge
 of the whole random civ generator out there,
 but thanks, I guess.
 - Yeah, what's your win rate on Turks?
 - I don't think it's that good.
 - Oh, God, it's holding you back, man.
 - Yeah, I don't think it's that good.
 I just don't have a lead skirmish, I die these days.
 - Damn it, yeah, no, it's hard.
 That's the clear weaknesses we obviously know
 about the Turks, but on this map,
 I think the weaknesses are covered a little bit
 by just how the games tend to play, guys.
 This is Yucatan, you see the water
 in the middle of the map as well.
 That isn't like, there's obviously a lot of holes
 between the ponds and stuff,
 but that can be walled up quite easily.
 I'm not sure what the meta is going into the early game,
 but I would probably assume
 it's gonna be some sort of fast castle.
 What do you think?
 - Well, that was what I thought going into it,
 but I think, I mean, well, it's obvious,
 this is a tournament version of Yucatan,
 so it's a lot more open.
 Original Yucatan would have one wood line
 that would wall off half your base.
 I mean, sure, Yo could wall himself in pretty easily here,
 but he would also wall out his stone, right?
 So he'd have to think about that.
 Honestly, I think Velez's base is way better,
 because he could wall in and take back deer,
 back berries, back gold, back stone.
 He actually could take double deer.
 So I guess I was thinking fast castle here,
 but I guess we'll see what Yo does
 'cause of the stone predicament.
 - Dude, I have a really weird strategy.
 I think Yo should sneak a villa,
 full wall his base so it's so easy,
 and just play some sort of sneak, honestly.
 - Okay, go into sneak arches or something.
 - Yeah, yeah, I rarely suggest this,
 but I generally think that when you have a map
 that's this closed, but you have that stone
 outside your base, you probably,
 I would want a FC Janissary if I had the stone inside,
 but now I probably want to try a sneak
 to take advantage of my insane map,
 'cause your opponent can't scout what you have behind it.
 - Would you do that yourself, or are you just like,
 is that your caster brain kicking in
 where you're starting to think of more possibilities?
 - I think I would do that if I thought of it,
 but I don't think I would think of it in the moment.
 I think I would think fast castle crossbow
 and play a bit more clean and just from home,
 but I think that the sneak is the strongest strategy here,
 if you ask me, now that I've seen the whole map.
 But of course, not everyone wants to do that.
 - I want to see Velez try and steal this boar right now.
 Come on, go for it.
 - It's so bad to do it, it's so bad.
 - I know, he should never do that,
 but there's one player out there,
 MBL would maybe consider it.
 - True.
 - Yo runs into Velez's TC, by the way, slightly,
 so that hurts, and Velez could actually consider
 stealing this boar if he were to see it,
 but he's gonna loop to the left, so unfortunate for him.
 That could have been an easy steal, actually, I think.
 Maybe not easy, could be blocked.
 - Once again, you probably just don't want to take the boar.
 There's so much food.
 Like, in my opinion, stealing a boar only matters
 when the opponent has less food.
 - Yep, yep.
 - You having a ton of food doesn't actually help
 that much, it feels.
 - Yeah, I'm trying to look at the turkey situation.
 There's a lot underneath the TC for Velez.
 Yo has scouted the barracks, so good scouting,
 and Yo's doing the same thing.
 Is this gonna be 2015 Drush FC from both?
 - 2015, dude, every game in 2015,
 I remember Viper versus Jordan in best of 21,
 or Viper is someone that's 21.
 It's literally FC crossbow every game,
 and they're just micro-ing crossbows for 30 minutes
 while the TC booming.
 No one thought they get fast ballistics.
 No one thought the pressure.
 That's how it was, man.
 - Yeah, that or it was scouts,
 but then make like three scouts and full wall and go up.
 So that's definitely how they played.
 - Super, super passive.
 The game is a lot more aggressive.
 Obviously granted to balance changes,
 but also player development and meta shifts
 definitely is now paving a lot more crazy approaches
 in cancellation.
 So now we're seeing, it was a few more Drush from Yo.
 He's getting his mill down.
 It's the same situation for Velez,
 and Velez is not Drushing.
 Nope, he's getting the first militia now.
 Oh, we canceled it, oh my God.
 - Wait, wait, wait, wait.
 He canceled his militia.
 - He made it, then he canceled it.
 He queued it and then saw that Yo was doing it
 and decided not to engage,
 but now he's making it again, weird.
 - I guess you want to see if Yo's committing to three
 before doing three himself actually.
 - Maybe, maybe.
 I know I've heard you say that the two militia Drush
 is like the worst strat in the game.
 So maybe he's heard your tidbits of advice on that.
 - I'm not sure if I believe that anymore though.
 I kind of see some logic behind it.
 I don't know, what do you think about it?
 I'm trying to get some opinions, but I'm running a survey.
 - Well, it was on my list to bring up today
 while casting with you that you said that that strategy
 is like really bad and I recall you losing
 in King of the Desert to the guy
 that kind of started it, Vinchester.
 So I was like, that was going to be my question,
 but I think it really depends, right?
 And I think that there's arguments to either side
 of that conversation, right?
 There's plenty instances where two militia
 just looks really dumb, but if you're able to take control,
 if you're ever to force reactions,
 if you're lucky, Kill the Vill, I think it can be okay.
 - What I have to do is just like,
 whenever there's a strategy like that,
 I think I have to spam it myself, do like 10 games about it
 and really just get my own opinion through there.
 Big engagement, that's definitely a better one for Yo.
 Yep, yep.
 - Yeah, I actually felt like Yo is going to lose this hard
 because there's one militia in there here,
 I just didn't fight the whole time.
 - Oh really?
 - Yeah, if you like do a quick rewind if you want,
 it just like completely got stuck in the middle.
 I'm actually going to take a look myself here.
 - And you're absolutely correct,
 at least Dido in the fight actually.
 I thought it looked better for Yo, but--
 - It just froze, it's like in the middle
 and he was fully surrounded, got fully claustrophobic
 and just couldn't handle it.
 - Couldn't fight bro.
 - Just gave up.
 - Yep.
 - And that's a tilter there because I think that fight
 should have gone better for Yo if that unit engaged.
 - 'Cause like, I believe it was running into him, right?
 But you know, it's not going to make
 that much of a difference.
 It's going to be FC on both sides.
 I like how Mr. Yo, I don't know if we've caught up now,
 he's actually walled ahead of his stone,
 which is just good foresight
 because you never know when you'll need it.
 Although it is not in his, you know,
 stone isn't in his immediate strategy right now.
 He just wants to fast castle.
 I'm not sure what Vlas is doing,
 but Vlas wants to go for, oh, is he adding militia?
 He wants to go men at arms.
 - I like this actually.
 What I don't like is that there's a Jaguar attacking
 as one militia, so that kind of sucks,
 but he shouldn't lose it.
 And I think like the way I try and look at situations
 most times is try and take advantage of your bonuses
 as fast as possible.
 And so if you were to go fast castle with Burmese,
 you're delaying Feudal,
 which delays your free wood upgrade.
 You're delaying Feudal,
 which delays the extra attack you get on your infantry.
 Now, if the follow-up's going to be strong enough,
 I'm not sure, but look at Yo.
 Yo is not expecting this.
 Yo doesn't have a scout.
 And if men at arm and scout is there,
 Yo could lose not as many as he would normally
 because one militia is weak and the scout's weak,
 but he could definitely take losses.
 - Dude, how greedy is it to just go out
 and take a deer though?
 That's so greedy, man.
 - Oh, but he noticed.
 - I think he'll make it back.
 The bumping, oh, villagers are so stupid, man.
 - Hey, and now man at arm is in.
 He's got plus one attack.
 Yo could quick wall this and keep everything out.
 Oh God, that lady's not a fan.
 - Oh my God, it's a disaster, bro.
 I think it's still fine though.
 Yeah, that looks so messy though.
 Holy moly.
 - Well, the thing is though,
 I think some of the men at arms could take the hill
 on that house and then there's gonna be an archer soon.
 So this isn't gonna be that easy for Yo.
 I think he's gonna have the tower
 and looking at his food count,
 he won't be able to FC that easily
 because he doesn't have much on food.
 - Yeah, so the big thing here is like,
 they've obviously nerfed,
 so those who aren't keeping up,
 they've nerfed the houses.
 They have now negative one melee armor.
 So you break through these houses quite fast
 with the men at arm.
 And especially if you have just one or two archers
 to force their repairs away,
 it's quite strong these days.
 So I think what I wanna see from Yo
 is continue repairing until he's used archers
 and then back up and then we defend with archers.
 He's committed to fuel phase by the way,
 he got both eco grids.
 He's completely abandoned the fast castle approach.
 I love that, it's a really good move.
 - Fletching in already for Velez.
 And also if you take a quick look back at home,
 he's placed two mills on the separate areas of hunt.
 So I think that's exactly what you would want
 on Yucatanen.
 Yo maybe got a little baited by how close off the map was
 and just assumed that Velez would let him go fast castle.
 And this is some high level pressure here.
 I mean, with the blacksmith just now casually being built,
 Velez could break through here
 or kill villagers in a second.
 - Yep, and keep in mind that one range is massive.
 The skirmishers while it does counter the archers,
 not in this situation where the archers can attack freely.
 - Yep.
 - This feel like Velez kinda backed up a little earlier.
 I think he could have potentially forced a bit more.
 He's just turning his attention towards the wood.
 - That's fair play.
 - It's almost like he's expecting he won't do much damage
 and maybe back the way a little early.
 'Cause at the end of the day,
 I think his eco is gonna be looking a little better at home.
 500 food already here.
 He could cook up at like 1630 if he really wanted to,
 I think.
 But he'd have no farms, which is awkward.
 - No, but you don't even care if you can all in.
 We should see market here, no?
 Like market, sell stone up with this kinda style?
 - Maybe.
 Yeah, that, I mean, he's got double berries, double hunt.
 So he doesn't even need to market
 if he just drops off some res here.
 And also, if he opens crossbow against Yo,
 I think Yo's dead as Turks.
 Turks can never go elite skirm.
 And if there's a big difference in the castle each time,
 it ripped for the Turks.
 - So weird though, 'cause I actually was gonna say
 I preferred Yo's position, but I'm genuinely shocked
 by how fast his food count is rising.
 - It's amazing.
 - It's really rising, that's crazy.
 - I feel like my instincts would be around
 like the middle of feudal age here
 to like get horse collar, mix in some farms.
 But he just dropped four mills on all the food and he's up.
 That is insane.
 And Yo can't do that.
 Yo can take double berries,
 but Yo can't take any of his hunt.
 - Yep.
 And the berries, while it's nice 'cause it's free food,
 it's not as fast as the hunt.
 And you're not making use of the map how you'd want to.
 And now we're seeing horse collar from Veles.
 - So good.
 - He's gonna be in the same spot as Yo,
 but he's just gonna be faster to cast it
 'cause he made use of the hunt first.
 - Yeah, and honestly.
 - I wanna see all in it though.
 Or do you wanna see a boom?
 Maybe a boom is better.
 - I think as long as he doesn't lose his archers,
 I think you could do so much damage with crossbow
 where you could just go three TCs.
 But I guess like he's bringing the villager forward.
 Maybe he's concerned about the lack of flexibility
 in the long-term for Burmese.
 'Cause I think Hussar and Cav Archer
 is devastating for the Burmese.
 I don't know if they have a lot to deal with that.
 - You kinda have, 'cause Burmese have to play like
 Cav Skirm probably versus that,
 and that's just not very good because of the lack of armor.
 So that's the big issue with Burmese.
 They have a really smooth early game.
 He obviously got the Widow upgrade for free.
 We'll get the second one for free.
 Now thinking about a push, he thought of a stable there.
 He's getting the armor upgrade for the stable.
 I do like that in theory.
 Probably wanna see his siege workshop as well as
 yo, re-walls that hole.
 Pretty good.
 - Yeah.
 Interesting how it looked like Velez was gonna commit
 to crossbow siege, but now he's added a stable at home
 and a stable forward.
 So I guess my concerns for Velez is two stables.
 Oh wait, I'm sorry, he canceled the stable in the middle.
 Okay.
 - Yeah, he thought about it for a second.
 - Okay, one stable's fine then.
 (laughing)
 - But I would almost prefer two stables.
 But I'm not sure, oh, he can't afford it
 'cause of that whole transition to farms
 as we talked about.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's actually smart from Velez.
 He went through the same thought process like,
 yo, two stables is sick here, but wait, I can't afford it.
 - I would, I'm a greedy guy, but I would've loved to see
 the second farm upgrade since your wood upgrade's free.
 Just like get ahead with the farming eco,
 but I think it's probably, if that delays crossbow
 or your knights or your siege workshop or anything,
 it's probably not a good play.
 - Yeah, I would like it if he's just trying to boom
 with crossbow, which would be a fair approach,
 don't get me wrong, but if you get a push,
 definitely just commit to that one here.
 - Yeah.
 - We see the Maginot not coming out,
 we see one or two knights coming out,
 crossbow and, is there Botkin in?
 Botkin not in just yet.
 There it is, just clicked, 35 seconds to go.
 - You always got eight army, six of which
 you cannot upgrade to elite skirm.
 (laughing)
 So it's just like the worst feeling ever.
 And not only can you not defend yourself as easily,
 but you also can't even counter attack with it.
 I mean, not that you would counter attack
 with six skirms in the first place,
 but it just, he's stuck, and while normally,
 you know, you're being stuck in a corner,
 or walled into an arena would make you feel nice and safe,
 it is the opposite, I guarantee it.
 - Yeah, it's like his position is actually really good
 if Velez didn't have all that hunt
 to beat this fast with his push.
 Because normally, they'd get the cast leader
 at similar times going through this approach,
 but with the deer, it completely shifted it,
 and I'm pretty sure Yo was surprised as well,
 and not only sure what exactly happened there,
 but we saw exactly what happened,
 now we see the Manganaus pushing in onto the range,
 three range defense and a siege workshop from Yo.
 Does he go cav archers here?
 It looks like it's gonna be cav archers.
 What do you think of that one?
 - I think he needs something that is really gonna work
 in the long term.
 If he were to try and go archers right now,
 he's only got two, it wouldn't work out too well.
 I don't know if it's gonna work,
 and I love the nifty move there to fake Velez,
 like he was gonna go and pick off reinforcements,
 but he's gonna really need to use his siege here.
 If he can use his siege to pick off the crossbows
 and siege from Velez, his cav archers can take off the knights
 but it's not quite as bad as the Nomad game earlier,
 but this is a must do for Yo, otherwise he's dead.
 - And the thing is, so defenders advantage with Manganaus
 is pretty big because you can see your opponent's Manganaus,
 they can't always see yours.
 So that's a big advantage when it comes to defending
 in this situation, but keep in mind that Velez
 has a lot of army, and he sees the Manganaus now,
 big shot maybe.
 - Yo got one, and Velez misses, an opportunity for Yo,
 and what? - For one.
 - Oh, he'll get it, he'll get it, with the CA, surely.
 - Oh yeah, nice, yeah, you got it, good.
 One for one there, I mean it's still okay for Yo though,
 and he's gonna go counter attack with these cav archers,
 wasting no time.
 - Yeah, yeah that's sick man, I mean he has bloodlines,
 and now suddenly Velez is looking at this army,
 and he doesn't think it's good enough,
 and he's clicked elite skirm.
 So he's got three town centers, so his eco is better,
 but clicking elite skirm with Rameses
 is one of the worst feelings.
 - Dude, and it's so bad to scale, it's so bad,
 'cause you're doing nothing with that
 once the light cav come out. - Yep.
 - And that's how I personally choose to think of these games,
 like I'm always trying to think of the next step,
 the next step, and it's not good for Yo,
 'cause he's down, like we said, a lot of economy now,
 but it's definitely the best situation
 I would've expected to come up from here.
 - Yeah, right. - We're building
 that third range now, and a TC on the front here.
 - Did Velez over or under commit to this?
 It's really hard for me to know,
 'cause I like the three TCs at home,
 but it feels like it was a big commitment,
 siege workshop, stable, all the crossbows,
 all the upgrades for the units,
 and now it's just all withering away.
 - You know what it is, he didn't have enough crossbows,
 I think you need to have like 20 crossbows
 to the point where Yo has to respect you at all times,
 but he just doesn't have that, and he never had that,
 so I feel like maybe the Knights was a bit too much,
 I feel like maybe the Knights were not the right choice.
 - Yeah, maybe just crossbow Mangano,
 and just save some of the food for some of your eco,
 but I still am very impressed with Yo,
 it looked like he would be in big trouble,
 he responded, he'll get the second town center up,
 he'll get a big shot there as well, one for one.
 He'll take it, and he is forward,
 so Velez has to respect the Cab Archer presence there.
 (game beeps)
 - And the problem is, yeah, Velez actually had a hole,
 I didn't mention it, 'cause I didn't think
 it would actually matter, and he's walling it up now,
 so it doesn't really matter, a monastic in the center,
 like we just have to put the relics in the middle,
 it just has to happen every game.
 - Well, the thing here is, I think he's doing it
 because Knights would be a good option for Yo,
 but Yo, he comes out without any Knight support
 against the elite skirms, they still do
 the bonus damage, Hera, and that's one, two, three,
 four Cab Archers down, if he's got two or three monks
 to babysit, it might not actually end up
 being too bad for Velez.
 - Okay, so at this point, what I would say,
 what I would say the right call here for Yo
 is probably just to go three TC room, wait,
 defend with Mangano's, and then just to like,
 have as soon as possible, he doesn't know redemption's
 coming in, but that's a really big game-panger,
 'cause that makes Mangano defense a lot worse.
 - Yeah, and Yo is hoping that he can defend
 with his own siege, he's like, I can defend with siege
 and use the Cab Archers elsewhere,
 but the second redemption's in, the monks don't even
 have sanctity though, so I mean, the monks would just
 die so fast, and wow, Cab Archer conversion there,
 and one for one with Mangano.
 This is okay for Velez for the time being,
 I'm just a little worried about that monk,
 'cause that's the only guy that can really convert
 siege at the moment, and he's got 30 HP,
 he just gets sneezed on and he dies.
 - Yeah, by the way, I was gonna say,
 this whole no sanctity thing, that's new.
 Back in the day, you don't share your face
 with redemption before sanctity, you know what I mean?
 - I don't get it, it's been bothering me so much
 the last month, I talked to Nilly about it,
 Nilly, the guy had four monks, I'm like, get sanctity,
 he's like, no, I'm like, why, I don't get it.
 So it's, especially with Burmese, because the big reason
 he was able to get redemption is because the monk techs
 are 50% off, so if you're not making a monk,
 I would be getting it, but obviously they've got
 a million other things to focus on,
 and that's probably the big reason why
 we're not seeing it right now.
 - Oh my God, dude, Yo is sneaking a forward siege workshop?
 You wanna push?
 That's so crazy.
 - Man, that monk, dude, I'm telling you,
 that monk, that no sanctity monk is so important here,
 'cause here comes Yo with the siege,
 he could one shot the monk, if he sees it's no sanctity,
 but it gets converted!
 - He just respected it, 'cause he thinks
 that there's sanctity, you just walk up and shoot him there.
 - Oh man. - So crazy.
 - Hard to know as well. - Oh God, and now the repairs?
 - Oh, the repairs were clutch too, but the monk,
 the monk pays the price. (laughs)
 - Yep, someone had to die for that,
 it was just way too good for Velez,
 but listen, he gets the Magna now,
 not only does Yo not have it, but now Velez has it
 on the hill, Yo should just abandon that town center,
 no, like why are you repairing it so hard?
 - Well, there's no repairville, right?
 So there's no repairville, and the one is very weak,
 so if he can get that, which he doesn't get.
 - Oh my God.
 He shot still from the hill, those caboshes
 are taking good damage, that one dies,
 got sneezed on, as we said. (laughs)
 - Yeah, well done, and he, oh man,
 there's more siege on the other side,
 what's about to happen here, this is insane, Yo's micro!
 Yo with the place! - Oh my God!
 - Oh my God, he could get four!
 - But he lost the caboshes on the top, it's not worth it.
 - No, it's not. - This is good for Velez.
 - The fill count could change a little bit,
 because of the TC is being attacked by Velez,
 but Velez just adds a monk there.
 - Yeah, redemption is game changer, bro, game changer.
 - Oh, and more skirms pop out of the range as well,
 Velez with the swings, it was a little rough
 after his initial push against Yo, it didn't work out,
 but it's been looking really good ever since.
 - Yeah, we did talk about that three TC,
 that was the big point of the game here,
 where Velez kinda gave up a little bit of momentum
 early game, but now it's paid off,
 now he's got a 15 village lead,
 and although he doesn't have the greatest lanking
 in Risturax, he's definitely very far ahead.
 Forward Castle, looks like, oh my God,
 Forward Castle on the hill would be fantastic,
 right in between those two TCs, you see that spot?
 - Yep. - Great.
 - And he's got, if he's got the monks,
 which have sanctity now, Siege isn't a worry for him.
 And Yo has had to focus so much on his micro,
 he has never really been able to get the food economy
 rolling to get a lot of light cav,
 and to get a lot of upgrades,
 so I think the castle would definitely work out here
 for Velez.
 - Yeah, and I wanna see, whenever you go for Forward Castle,
 guys, go for a lot of those, I almost think
 that nine is not enough, it's just risky,
 like send like literally 15, just to make sure
 you get it up, it's not worth committing halfway to it.
 - Oh my God, did you see that play from Yo,
 he just used the light cav to snipe along.
 - That was crazy, that was crazy,
 and he even shot with the magnum dust first
 to make the scrims go back, that was just insane.
 Velez is in the middle of the map, man, he is flustered.
 - Yeah, and he's got 1200 stone, so he's like,
 he's on the fence, what he should do here,
 I think he can, at the very least, make a defensive castle,
 that's my outlook at this point,
 just get castles somewhere with something,
 but maybe he's hoping to win a fight soon,
 and after he wins the fight,
 he'll still continue to go forward with one.
 - Surely, two Forward Castles, so just get one at home,
 chill, and then look for Forward,
 like that makes a lot of sense to me, honestly,
 and I think that should be the line of action,
 not for Velez, he's gonna go forward,
 he wants the forward one first, but he looks to think,
 and he's placing it, oh no, one at home first,
 as you said, nice. - Yeah, that's good.
 - Yeah, yeah. - Yeah, right after
 he clears that, there's also a lot of gold there,
 so that makes sense, and now he goes for the one
 on the front, but immediately deletes it,
 because light cab arrived, it's only three light cab,
 but the siege will be taken out,
 and Yo's gonna wanna drop one here.
 - Oh my God, Yo gets it in the same spot,
 will it go down, no, it's fine, it's fine,
 I always worry when there's magnum dust close by.
 - Yeah. - God.
 - Yeah, and say goodbye to your
 scrims and crossbows, if you're Velez,
 I mean, Velez still really extended his lead
 over the last couple minutes, so he's the heavy favorite
 to win this game, he's about to go in,
 but Yo has hung on here, he's not rolled over and died,
 he's still got a chance, if this goes really late,
 I prefer Turks. - You absolutely,
 and I said this in the Jordan game,
 that I saw the other day, you absolutely go all in
 Castle Age if you're in Turks position right now,
 your light cab are good versus even are blessed,
 but in this case, there's no are blessed,
 so you just go light cab and you go cab archers
 and you go all in castle to buy yourself time,
 you can't race into imp, I just don't know
 if Yo's gonna think of that right now.
 - Well, I guess it's awkward too, right,
 'cause he knows there's a castle,
 he's gonna deny this castle, this is certainly
 an invitation to make a little more.
 - Yeah. - Just to keep the,
 keep any castle pressure or tread pressure
 away from your castle.
 There's a potential for him to do both,
 like maybe click up and then just continue
 to spam light cab, we haven't actually seen any extra
 barracks for Velez, or at least Pikeman,
 he's actually making more crossbows right now.
 - No, man, no. - Why?
 Why, okay, there's Pikeman. - Yeah, you gotta,
 I mean, but why make more crossbows, like,
 is this idea to go crossbow to get the position
 for a forward castle?
 - I think that might be it, and I think like instinctively,
 he's like, I'm heavy skirm and I have upgrades
 on ranged units, so let's make something
 that's better against light cab, but Turk light cab,
 they, oh, Yo just, Yo just attack rounded his own units.
 - But Yo's like a hill thief, like he's,
 (laughing)
 he's literally getting every hill Velez wants,
 and remember when Velez was just sitting
 in the middle of the map doing nothing with 10 bills?
 - Yeah. - Literally,
 that's the difference between winning and losing the game,
 not saying he's gonna lose it, but just saying
 he could have won it with that forward castle,
 now it's a lot more complicated.
 - And Turks can go bomber cannon too,
 so if Yo makes a siege workshop,
 he will go instant bomber cannon to snipe
 any trebuchets Velez would go for,
 Velez could go bomber cannons as well,
 but that is locked behind the chemistry research,
 so I'm, Yo should still win this game in my opinion,
 or sorry, Velez should, but I'm really worried
 that Yo is gonna be able to make this happen.
 - Yeah, so it's definitely, oh god,
 what do you even make as Burmese here?
 What do you even make?
 - I would go hell bomber cannon is what I would do,
 and then you have to push these castles,
 but if he makes another crossbow,
 I might scream, so just a head up.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, there's just way too many crossbows
 on my screen for my case, man.
 - Well, he stopped making them, he's made a couple pikes,
 he also will have two trebs before Yo
 will have one bomber cannon, so that's a start.
 Yo is gonna duck, Yo is gonna duck and go for,
 oh my god, dude, elite cannon galleon,
 or sorry, just cannon galleon is an epic play here.
 - He's thinking about it, there's another dock
 where it could be good actually,
 but oh, but there's block printing for the monks,
 the monks should be good against the cannon galleon,
 but man, that's interesting.
 - Wow, that's funny.
 I would like to see him just make the docks
 so Velez trebs the docks instead of the castle.
 Well, it's too close, and he needs
 to get repair villagers here.
 The concern for Yo is the timing and the fact
 that he doesn't have a lot of stone banked up
 to repair in the first place.
 - I think with, oh, Siege of N'Yir is a big tech
 for Burmese, what you should do right now
 as the Turk player is you defend with bomber cannons,
 and if you need time, you sacrifice a star
 just to snipe some siege here.
 - Yeah, true.
 - And the star can be vital against the monks as well,
 so it's gonna be, how would your monk treb
 as the push for Velez, and it's gonna be
 bomber cannon defense at the time being for Yo,
 very interesting game though so far.
 - Love the masonry tech here.
 Velez also very focused, you can tell,
 I think this is a slight overboom, 145 villagers.
 He's like me, he's queuing up Velez
 as all this is happening.
 He might lack top space for army in theory
 as he loses a treb, but he still should take out
 this castle, I think, Yo's gonna lose this hill.
 And if you don't have the castle,
 the monks can move forward confidently
 to convert those bomber cannons.
 - Do you prioritize the plus two range on the cannons,
 artillery, the unique tech from Turk?
 Do you prioritize that here?
 - I would not, I would just have full Q of Hussar
 and I'd just be microing, I wouldn't do that,
 but I think it would make sense here.
 - Monks, that makes two of us.
 I would also have the Hussar Q.
 - Yeah. (laughs)
 - 'Cause I think the angle should be to actually
 win the fight 'cause you have the better comp, right?
 - Correct. - And then, yeah.
 - Look at the bomber cannons there,
 big shot on the crossbows.
 It's honestly just to clear out space
 so the Hussars and the cav archers can get to the monks
 and Yo pushes right through. - Yes, the squirrel lead.
 - Yo's gonna-- - Yeah, it's the squirrel lead.
 - Yo's gonna take the trebs out, the monks are all gone,
 we see fervor, what is that gonna mean?
 The monks run faster to their death here?
 Oh my God, how has Yo done this?
 - And this is exactly the moment he was waiting for.
 - Yeah. - Like, Vales has 147 veils,
 he had the push, but he had no units.
 Now we're seeing the unique tech,
 a man for cavalry gives extra damage for the cavalier
 and the light cav against archers.
 Gonna be good against cav archers,
 but I think the big thing here is the composition
 is so much more complete for Yo.
 Yo with the forward castle here,
 maybe a bit ambitious though.
 - Well, he does have cannons and trebs.
 So I mean, we saw Yo play some pretty funny castles
 in this series, like that one where he's like losing
 his main base in game one and he just drops
 a forward one anyways.
 - Yeah, yeah, that was funny.
 - I think with this castle protecting him,
 monks can never convert his bomber cannons
 and then he can always push Vales's castle.
 I don't see, I mean, I have a pretty heavy bias
 against Burmese 'cause I think they're really awkward
 at this stage, but I don't see how Vales
 can win this game from here.
 - Like the problem with Burmese is that your units,
 no matter which way you look, your best units
 are weaker than Turk's.
 Like you go Hissar, but like Turks have better Hissar.
 You go, you know, Skurms are not very good.
 So it's, your options are very limited
 and you can see that Vales doesn't really know
 what to do here.
 It's very awkward and he is even struggling.
 - Yeah, and I think maybe we even saw that before Imp era.
 Like the castle positions were fine for the Trebor,
 but there was no heavy commitment
 to one thing in particular.
 He has a lot of economy, but for Yo, his economy's actually,
 I think, more in line with what he can make.
 Also, Hissar for Yo on this random gold,
 this is a Yo thing for you.
 It's in the north of the map where a castle's going up,
 but Vales knows if he loses this castle, he loses the game.
 I would say that's a heavy mix of Vales,
 maybe not knowing what to do with this if,
 maybe not following through and executing,
 and then also great comeback from Yo,
 because it looked disastrous for him.
 He was 30 bills behind.
 His opponent was on the way to Imp.
 He pulled the rabbit out of the hat there.
 That was sick.
 - Half the win in Castle Age.
 He had such a big window and this is,
 it's almost inexcusable at this level of play
 to have that forward position that Vales had for so long
 and then not like really hammer through those hills
 that he had at the front of the base.
 - Yeah.
 - He really, it's not that he under committed,
 'cause he committed, but he just didn't get there.
 He was just doing nothing.
 Sounds harsh to say, but.
 - Yeah, I would like to see, I mean,
 easy to say after the fact,
 but there was a point where it was just
 a few light cabin cab archers from Yo.
 I feel like Pikeman with your siege,
 just Pike siege, just flooding in Castle
 and dropping the forward castle,
 completely pushes Yo back.
 It frees up space for yourself to do whatever you want,
 but kind of backing off and going imp
 and certainly mixing in as many skirmishers
 and crossbows as he did just looked quite bad
 there for Vales.
 That's gotta be really frustrating for him right now.
 - Yeah, if there's ever a tilting situation
 in the tournament is when you're already behind
 and you lose a game you should have won.
 That's like, it's gonna take a lot of mental fortitude
 from Vales to really come back and clear,
 just come in clear for the next game.
 He still has a chance.
 He needs to win the next four in a row, big task,
 but we've seen it done many times,
 you know, in this tournament, so we'll see.
 - Yo has lost one game of his last nine played,
 if you think about it,
 because he won the last four in his reverse sweep semifinal
 and now he's won four and lost one in the grand final.
 So Yo is just playing like a beast right now,
 looking really, really strong.
 - I think after talking to Mr. Yo,
 he was this mystery figure for me for a while
 'cause I never really got to speak to him,
 but I've been speaking to him in the past couple of years.
 I know that he's very laid back kind of guy.
 He doesn't take himself too seriously.
 There's no ego on him, which is pretty,
 but he's confident, you know?
 He's confident, but there's no ego on him,
 which is, it's really a fashion to see.
 - Yeah, I think he beat Viper in something
 and someone asked him, I don't know if I interviewed him,
 God, it's been so many interviews over the years,
 but I think someone asked him like,
 are you the best in the world?
 After like winning a tournament, he goes, no.
 - Straight up. - No, no.
 - A lot of other players would be like,
 yo, I just won a tournament, so you tell me, you know?
 But he's just like, nah, I'm not.
 - No. - Crazy stuff.
 And I like that, I think that's, yeah,
 it's not something I can say about myself.
 I'm like, yeah, I'm the best.
 Say something, bro, you can't beat me, but.
 - Well, Yo had his moment.
 I remember 2v2 World Cup or some,
 or no, no, no, it was actually like clan masters
 or some big team game.
 So I was like, yo, who's the champion of the world?
 And it wasn't about him, it was about his country.
 He was like, S-Y or like, you know, China.
 That was a cool moment, but--
 - Oh, that's sick.
 - Yeah, you gotta find that, man.
 He was screaming full of passion.
 Love to see it, man.
 - That was a LAN event, eh?
 - Yeah, it was, I think, 2015.
 God, man, it's been a lot of it.
 But Velez opens up game five or six, excuse me,
 needs the victory Hera,
 and already has stolen a little pig there.
 So he trying to get an edge early here.
 - Yeah, the little pig is supposed to be the big bore.
 You gotta make that distinction sometimes.
 Yo might take it back though here.
 By the way, I actually really enjoyed this map as well.
 It's Frisia, for those who don't know,
 it's a bit of a, we haven't seen it too much,
 but there's a lot of marsh around the map,
 but there's also some water,
 and there's some deep sea fish at the back
 and in the corners kind of thing.
 So docking is definitely very prevalent,
 but in the mid game, who knows how much you commit to water
 and how much you commit to land.
 It's kind of up in the air, depends on the situation.
 But here I see Portuguese, Japanese T90,
 looks more like a water push from both players on paper.
 - Yeah, so all I've seen as, uh-oh,
 yo almost runs into the TC and dodges every arrow.
 All I have seen is docket and dark gates for both,
 and then barracks archery range.
 So the only separation there would be,
 do you go man-at-arm archers,
 which is kind of hard to pull off with the timing,
 or do you just go archers?
 And then if we're talking the civs,
 for Portuguese, anything they spend gold on is cheaper.
 And then Japanese have the cheaper lumber camps,
 which Vales needs to actually build.
 (laughing)
 He's got the cheaper lumber camps,
 and then also has the cheaper mining camps
 with the strong fish.
 - Dude, that's, it's not a huge deal,
 but that's just, you never wanna see that.
 Lost maybe 30 wood from that,
 and that's a different scene.
 A dock up, I just wanna point that out,
 small things that they add up.
 Yo, yo's been known to delay his docks
 on these hybrid maps throughout the series, actually,
 which is interesting.
 - Yeah, I wonder if we'll see a forward villager here
 to deny the dock, I kinda doubt it.
 The other thing, Hera, that I've seen be a big talking point
 is the hunt, because you're gonna have most on wooden,
 most of your villagers on wooden gold,
 so you can go water and archers,
 and then the food underneath your TC is gone.
 And so getting a mill up on the hunt is always important,
 and so I think the positioning for both players
 is pretty good there.
 It's not like it's right in the front of their base,
 it's kind of off to the side.
 (clicking)
 - I just don't know what time you take the hunt.
 Like, you take the hunt and you lose water,
 or like you're still on the water,
 you start taking the hunt?
 - More mid-feudal, but I saw a game
 where a leftover militia killed that.
 You know, like that is a big deal.
 So I'll be keeping an eye on it,
 and also keeping an eye on Yo's villager,
 because I think he might kill the hunt, actually.
 - Wow, yeah, going forward, just that hunt.
 And we see Yo docking on that left-hand side,
 but let's dock him on the right-hand side,
 so they're kind of docking opposite,
 which is, that favors more land play,
 if you think about it, if there's ever a reason to go land.
 Of course, the players don't know that right now,
 and yeah, that's all the deer going down right now.
 - Wow, now Velez did steal quite a few pigs from Yo.
 Yo is almost out of his boar underneath his CC,
 so he's gotta actually push that in.
 I think that was some recognition from Yo
 that he's behind and wanted to make sure
 that Velez wouldn't get too far ahead,
 but by the time mid-feudal arrives,
 that is all gonna be gone.
 So that is not an option for Velez,
 great thinking there from Yo.
 - And there is a cost to this, though,
 and it has to be mentioned, that idle time from Yo,
 that's maybe 30, 40, maybe 50 resources
 that's gone to do the same.
 So it really is a trade-off with immediate resources
 that that bill can gather, versus that long-term resources
 that you're denying from Velez,
 the natural resources there on the map.
 So I always like to see these decisions
 being made in tournaments, because it is a trade-off,
 and it's hard to say whether it's worth it or not.
 We'll have to wait and see to know for sure here.
 - Yeah, this is crazy, though.
 Seven pigs underneath the TC for Velez,
 there's not a single one for Yo.
 He got lamed hard, but then also he has two pigs
 in the center that he didn't find.
 So I think he's down four, actually, no,
 on the right of his wood line, he's also down two.
 - Oh my god, he lost one for Velez?
 - I think he's down like six, or like every single
 additional pig that he would've needed.
 - And that's a big deal, he's actually luring the deer
 just to get by here, I thought maybe he was considering
 a fast castle, but he was just trying to get by.
 He does now have it, though.
 - That's honestly so sick, that he could click up
 after losing all of that and sending the villager forward
 is really well done for Yo.
 I think being behind even a minute here
 could possibly kill you on Frisia, so impressive.
 - It's not like a way, bro, where you can just play
 defensively and wall up, like if you're losing,
 you can't defend your fish with walls, right?
 So the timing on these hybrid maps is just so big.
 Oh, the trap, the trap on the scout.
 - No way!
 Yo is locked in right now.
 My goodness, like this best of nine grand final
 could be shorter than the semi-final,
 where he had to reverse sweep and go to the final game,
 'cause of how he's playing this, my goodness.
 - Really nice position there against the barracks now.
 That scout going down, that means that there's no
 information that Veliz is getting,
 and he's now going for Men-at-Arms,
 and we talked about this earlier.
 Men-at-Arms without a scout is not the most scary strategy,
 but we are seeing the forward from Veliz,
 four bills moving forward here.
 I hate this strategy on this map, I think it's just
 so risky to do this.
 - Is it also, I just lamed some pigs,
 and I'm down for one and low on confidence?
 Is that it?
 - Is it a low confidence?
 Maybe, but it is also a Japanese move, though.
 - Yara, I also just had a memory pop into my head.
 Do you remember that show match against Yo,
 I don't know, two years ago?
 It was 3-0 or 4-0 for Yo,
 'cause he went Japanese tower rush on you.
 I don't know if you blocked it out of your mind,
 but it has worked before.
 It just hit me. - On this map?
 - It just hit me, yeah dude, I swear,
 it might have even been on Bubly, honestly.
 - That's too far back for me to remember, I'm not sure.
 - I'll find it, I'll find it tonight.
 - I'll take you there for a man.
 - Yeah, I'll find it tonight,
 but that's a good tower there, isn't it?
 I think it denies the only lumber camp for Yo,
 and he doesn't see it either.
 - That's not bad, so in this case,
 whenever you see this tower go up,
 you have to make the decision, do you count the tower,
 or do you run, when it's four builds,
 you probably have to run here.
 Now we're seeing the blacksmith come down,
 Yo is making archers, which is the right response, of course,
 versus the meta arms,
 and he's gonna probably abandon this wood line.
 He's gonna do it slowly, though,
 notice he pulls only half at first.
 - True.
 Yeah, interesting little detail here, too,
 is that Yo didn't make a fire galley yet.
 So, we have a fire galley on the way for Velez,
 and I'm liking the start for Velez,
 because we know he's got the food underneath his TC,
 and then he's got the fish that are already pretty tanky
 with his civilization, so,
 I skipped the men at arm upgrade, which is fascinating,
 but if you could snag a couple fishing ships
 on top of all this, I think he'll love it.
 - Yeah, and so the big thing here is that
 Velez is kinda pressuring on all fronts,
 so he's going for water,
 and he's also going for the tower rush,
 and he's also going for the meta arms,
 but he's not massing a ranged unit.
 Like, he doesn't even have a range at home.
 - Oh, true. - He does have two docks.
 So, that's the big difference,
 that over time on land, Yo will be stronger,
 but Velez has a chance to win the water here,
 and just to kind of make the game very messy.
 - Yeah, I don't know if in the earlier rounds of Resurgence
 this was a thing, but I have never seen this.
 I've seen one dock into a range.
 I've never seen two docks like this,
 so he's gonna have to be walled,
 and I guess in theory, if he's got enough navy,
 he will stop the archers from passing over,
 but it always feels like that's a little unrealistic.
 It feels like a couple archers
 are gonna make it over there regardless.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 If your plan is to control the shore with water,
 you need a lot of ships, and it's just not worth it,
 and I would never wanna rely on that.
 I think the big reason why walls are so good
 is how reliable they are.
 Once you get them up, you know that you're safe,
 and you at least have that timing
 where you can react if something comes your way here.
 - Yeah, so Yo just spotted it.
 He just saw the second dock and walls.
 I think he must be feeling like, okay, this is my time.
 I gotta try and do something with these archers.
 There's a tower from Velez.
 If you're gonna commit to this strat,
 if you're gonna do this, I like how Velez is doing it
 because he's walling up towards docks,
 and then he's towering the stone,
 and could maybe even go for more towers.
 - Yeah, and I'm not seeing, yeah,
 I'm not seeing Yo is really committing to water on one dock,
 and he is Portuguese,
 so his ships are actually stronger on paper.
 - Yeah.
 In equal numbers, of course.
 I'm not sure if you add another dock here
 if you just commit to more land pressure.
 Velez did catch the archers moving forward, though.
 - Yeah, what do you think about
 the archers chasing the militia there?
 I would have preferred to just see
 the archers run across here instead of waiting around.
 - I definitely try to look for some damage
 'cause you know you're on the kind of, not a timer,
 but you're not gonna be able to find damage forever.
 The walls will come up,
 so I think you rush over there if you ask me.
 - Well, I guess if you send enough, it's gonna be okay
 'cause Yo's gonna send villagers and send the archers.
 - Dude, there's a scout, though, very sloppy there,
 but obviously a lot going on at the back of his base as well.
 It's easy for me to say it, yeah.
 Villagers attacking the fire galley, that's interesting.
 One goes down.
 - Yeah, kills the fire galley, though.
 I would say you just YOLO this, Yo, just run across.
 And don't tower there, dude.
 - No, he wants the gold, I guess.
 - Yeah, but like-- - No, that's demo territory.
 - That's hot, yeah.
 And fire galleys would hit that, too,
 so okay, he thinks twice,
 but I think it's been pretty sloppy for Yo.
 Running into the fire, losing the scout,
 this is all due to the pressure from Velez,
 but we also have to say the fish are still alive for Yo,
 somehow, against two dogs.
 - Yeah.
 It's that Portuguese bonus,
 and just defending is so good with water in general.
 When you get that repair down,
 you don't have to walk across the map.
 But Velez is fine.
 He's getting horse-called now.
 He's in a good position.
 He didn't get to make use of the hunt like Yo did,
 but he did have the Japanese fishing ships,
 and he does have now a fully-walled base,
 so I think he's gonna be okay for the time being.
 - So something that you,
 you didn't patent, that's a strong word,
 but something that you did in recent history
 with a lot of these hybrid maps
 is you kinda let the fishing ships work for you for a time,
 but you never commit fully on the fish,
 and you switch into the horse collar upgrade.
 Do you like that approach here for Velez?
 'Cause he's got a horse collar,
 you probably would prefer he has a few more farms,
 but that's just his choice.
 - I think the whole discussion of switching off of water,
 it just depends on the map,
 but on a map like this, look at Velez's situation.
 He has four fish in the back, and then that's it.
 So definitely, and fishing ships are really not an option
 in pro games with the tempo.
 They're more like a win-more situation,
 but you can't rely on them.
 So definitely, switching to farms at some point
 is a really good move,
 but right now what I'm thinking is Yo might get up
 to Castle Age faster.
 He's got more food that's creeping up there.
 He's got more farms even,
 and he's gonna go for a castle drop.
 I think that's the angle
 that he's gonna take with Portuguese here.
 - Also, Yo's tower veils are repairing his fire ship
 in the back here, which is hilarious.
 - Oh God.
 That's so annoying, but he was getting repaired at home,
 and now at Velez's base, he's also repairing.
 Velez is there with the villager as well.
 - And it's two veils versus one.
 So two veils might actually make the difference,
 plus the archers are gonna focus down the repair ville?
 Yo, you're an animal.
 What is happening?
 - Oh my God, he's keeping both alive.
 - What?
 - Velez runs back with the villager though.
 This is crazy.
 - What?
 - And he's sacrificing a lot to kill the villager there.
 Maybe too much.
 Oh God.
 - Oh God.
 That got really messy really fast.
 But at the same time, the fire galleys are going down,
 so Yo will win the water engagement
 and trade it for all his land army.
 Tower behind Velez's base
 will force the counter tower on the wood line.
 - Yo also still keeping his fish alive in the back.
 He hasn't lost a single fish.
 It's very close.
 And he just towered behind the wood line from Velez.
 Yo is crazy, man.
 Yo is crazy.
 Unbelievable.
 Velez is not having a bad game here.
 How does Yo still have his fish?
 And how is Yo on the way to Castle Age faster?
 - I just realized, I didn't know this,
 but Portuguese fishing ships have more HP.
 I didn't know that actually.
 - I totally knew that.
 - Yeah, no one ever talks about that.
 (laughing)
 What the hell?
 - I definitely knew that.
 - Yeah, no, I mean, you're insane with the game knowledge
 for sure, bro.
 That's crazy.
 - Totally.
 Yeah, and I mean, he can definitely hold water
 and maybe even win water.
 Even though he's got fewer water units,
 he's able to make this happen.
 I'm so like, I probably am sounding like a big fan boy
 already, but I'm like trying to hold myself back
 from being more of a Yo fan boy right now.
 This is just incredible.
 - Power behind the wood line.
 Now Velez breaks the house to counter tower.
 Did he even see that one?
 I guess he just barely saw it there.
 - He always rushed that with Vills, I think.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 I probably, maybe you do a mix of both.
 I think the counter tower just in case there's any army
 nearby, but you probably want to rush that with Vills
 to get it out of the way fast.
 The big thing though is going to be the forecast at T90.
 Imagine a forward castle, you get control of the water
 and then you forecast it right outside his gold.
 Velez's gold, that's a huge position and you can fit it.
 - Is the position good enough where you could just go
 for water upgrades and make a defensive castle?
 Because I feel like organ guns and fish boom
 isn't the worst thing ever.
 I'm just curious.
 - I think it's fine to do that, but I don't think
 that's Yo's style, honestly.
 - Yeah, true.
 - I think in a tournament, you want to take some risk
 and I think that taking a risk, in this case,
 that's a good risk to take.
 Like your opponent can't stop the castle.
 So you make it hard for your opponent and it's not exactly
 a game losing play for you.
 - These Vills, man.
 The tower Vills repairing again.
 And he's getting his upgrades.
 I don't know if you caught it, but there was a demo there
 and Yo just immediately starts repairing with these Vills.
 - Yeah, that was absolutely crazy.
 - This is insane.
 He's forcing Velez back in a point where Velez should have
 the defenders advantage and should win the fight.
 Left hand side as well, we have Yo with a fire ship now.
 He's got the upgrade down.
 Fire galleys actually do really well against fire ships,
 by the way.
 Thought I'd point that out.
 - Especially with some repairs, good work from Velez.
 Yo pulling back, his villagers seem to be heading
 towards the castle, so he's not helping with repairs
 there anymore, but that tells us he's shifting his focus.
 And he did not place the castle as forward as maybe
 we would have thought, but I like that castle
 because it allows him to control the waterway
 and it secures the gold and right behind that
 is the gold for Velez.
 - Yeah, this is more like the defensive castle
 you were talking about.
 That's a pretty defensive castle.
 Maybe a little bit in the middle.
 I don't mind it.
 I think it does open up that organ gun push.
 He's winning the game in some ways,
 so it's not a bad approach at all.
 - Yeah, he really tried to snipe fish though
 and credit to Velez, he hadn't lost any fishing ships
 to my knowledge.
 And oh, Yo's coming in with a demo in the north.
 This will be fun.
 - I actually hate the stable choice from Velez.
 Why would you go nice in this case with Japanese?
 - Ooh, is Yo gonna try and demo the ships
 or is he gonna demo the fish?
 Should go for the ships, I think.
 - Yeah, goes for the ship.
 It just gets one.
 It's not a big deal.
 Fire ships eat through fishing ships, by the way.
 These are Japanese fishing ships
 and they're going down like crazy.
 Yeah, those guys are insane.
 - Yeah, and I mean, Velez is scrambling.
 He knows the castle's up because his dock
 is getting shot down.
 He now knows he needs to move gold,
 so he's gonna drop the TC.
 Yo has outposts over there.
 Look at Yo's vision for just a second.
 He knows, right?
 So he's probably gonna mass some organs
 and think about the next castle.
 - And he is mining stone.
 That's a big tell, by the way.
 Whenever you see someone still on stone
 after they got a castle, you have to think,
 why is that?
 It's not for Townsend, it's for another castle, you know?
 So eight on stone.
 - I do like the-- - That's a good play.
 - I do like the Knight Edition,
 considering Yo's castle isn't in his base,
 because one or two knights can do a great job
 at picking off veils.
 Yo does have a monk to get the relic, though.
 I'll be curious to see if he notices the knights there.
 Certainly has the opportunity, and yeah, instantly reacts.
 - Wow.
 - Oh my God. - Oh my God, dude.
 - And then he's also already pushing in through
 to that gold.
 - Wow.
 And Yo is going for that forward gold.
 Like this is super risky.
 He's just nonchalantly going for that forward gold
 after seeing the knights.
 - Yeah. - Ballsy.
 - Like whatever.
 Let me just drop off this relic real quick,
 and then I'll help you out again, villagers.
 He's out of stone, too.
 He needs to buy 100 stone for the next castle.
 Which would probably be amazing at home at this point,
 but he's focused on the Orkengun micro,
 and I'm just really,
 I'm not seeing a long-term game plan right now for Velez.
 I'm a little worried about him if he doesn't kill fish
 and if he doesn't kill villagers.
 (game chimes)
 - Here he goes, Hera.
 Two knights going in for a monk.
 And good opportunity here.
 That should be a kill.
 Great micro there for Velez.
 He could just hit that gold that's on the front right now.
 Would be so good for him.
 - Yeah, and I think,
 so Yo is saving resources,
 but Fasten should not be on the cards.
 I think he really needs to start spending his resources,
 make more Orkenguns,
 and really commit to this forward castle.
 - Staying castling,
 I don't think he needs to rush the Fast Dimp,
 but maybe he's,
 is he going for the Fast Dimp?
 I can't tell.
 - Honestly, if you're gonna Fast Dimp,
 sell your stone and buy food or something.
 But then a second castle would be nice.
 He's actually picking off fishing ships, though,
 in the north there.
 Just killed two or three.
 And there he is buying food.
 - Wow, he wants to Fast Dimp double forward castle, dude.
 - Wow.
 - That's such an aggressive shot.
 Like that's so,
 it's almost like risky,
 but it's so winning.
 Like if he just gets it, it's so winning.
 - Yeah, and also,
 I've seen games where players add TCs on this map.
 There's limited space.
 I don't feel like three TCs works that well
 because you'd need a lot of farms
 to go up to Imp behind that.
 And there he goes.
 He's on his way.
 And then we have redemption for Velez.
 I think that's actually a good choice here
 because you kind of have to go for something
 against the Orkenguns,
 but it never feels strong
 to have to go redemption with Monks against this unit.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 I feel like the problem with the redemption
 is that the Orkenguns are not expensive like Seajar.
 They're pretty expensive,
 but it's not quite like a Mangunel.
 So one for oneing with a Monk
 is not like the insane trade that you normally feel
 when you go redemption with Mangunels.
 That's my take on it at least,
 but it is something, as you said.
 Velez has 25 Elita teams.
 I don't know if it's enough though.
 I don't know if it's gonna be enough.
 - Yeah, and we know Yoh's gonna drop a Feitori or two, right?
 And so that's gonna give him a bit of eco.
 There's lots of debate on if that's good,
 but I think with Portuguese with a faster Imp,
 you almost have to do it.
 And okay, big moment here.
 Yoh, he's not even sending that many Vills,
 but he is bringing Villagers forward.
 He wants to drop a Castle right on that Gold.
 Can Velez stop this?
 He's got a few Monks, he's got a Knight,
 and he's got one Mangunel.
 - And this Castle's not that forward.
 And I think that,
 oh, he makes it a little bit more forward.
 I think I like the other one better.
 - He deleted it, oh my God.
 - Oh, he deleted it, thank God.
 - Oh my God, dude. - I don't have mine.
 Not this, man, not this.
 - And that's just a target for any Trebs
 that Yoh might make.
 If Velez is gonna make that one.
 - Oh God, it almost doesn't solve the problem.
 He gets pushed off that front Gold,
 and he's just gonna get Treb, as you said.
 - Yeah.
 - And Oregon's are nasty, guys.
 They're really strong as a unit here.
 They don't take any upgrades as well.
 They barely take upgrades.
 So you just make it, it's a good unit,
 and you get to invest your resources
 on other things like fast Imp in this case.
 And Yoh is getting so much food
 from eight farmers, by the way.
 He's not spending a penny of that food.
 - Yeah, and I think Velez,
 he already has been looking a little helpless
 because the Knights and then the Monks,
 he's like not sure what to do,
 doesn't have a ton of water.
 He's gonna see Imp.
 He obviously knows the score line,
 but when Trebs start to come out,
 all of his TCs are gonna go down,
 his castles are gonna go down.
 78 economy for Velez, he can't do anything with it.
 - Yep, the funny part is, the strategy is,
 the fast Imp is so scary with a forward castle,
 it wouldn't be nearly as good
 if there wasn't that forward castle,
 because then you can actually play with units
 and you can fight it.
 But now, there's almost no chance
 you snipe Trebs under a castle,
 and those Trebs can reach the castle,
 both town centers, both towers,
 and all the houses, so it's devastating.
 It really is devastating.
 - Yoh has made this look really easy.
 Again, reminder, in the semi-final,
 he was down three-zero, and he won four-three
 in the end versus ACCM.
 If you did not see that set, watch it.
 The games were awesome.
 And ever since, man, he's been looking good.
 And Velez is gonna continue to hang on here.
 He's hoping he can somehow pull this back.
 The population's similar, Hera,
 but I feel like in three minutes,
 the population is gonna look very different.
 - Yeah, and the big thing is, sniping town centers
 will actually potentially prevent Velez
 from going up to Imp.
 - True. - He is clicking it
 from his main town center,
 and that is literally Treble Way,
 if you'll want to go for that.
 So that's not anything about in the next two minutes.
 Velez has to hold, but no Bomberg cannons.
 Like, what do you do?
 Monks and then Trebs yourself?
 Well, you're not gonna have castles.
 I don't know what to do here if I'm Japanese, honestly.
 - Yeah, I've received a few nasty texts
 from Spirit of the Law for saying this,
 but Japanese just feels so useless past 20 minutes for me.
 It's just not having Bomberg cannons or Siege Ramp
 just leads to so many struggles in these matchups.
 And the early flexibility-- - No cap either?
 - Yeah, and the early flexibility
 is what really makes them strong.
 Their fish, their mining camps, their mills, whatever.
 That time has passed now.
 It is time for Portuguese.
 I agree that Velez should be repairing this castle
 to delay the inevitable,
 but I don't know what he's gonna make.
 To me, it looks like he's committing more to Monks here.
 He's got more monasteries in the north.
 - But Monks will convert to,
 Monks will convert to Oregon, which is good,
 but how do you kill the Trebs ever?
 - Yeah. - Literally ever.
 Yeah, and there's a Treble in that main town center.
 I don't think there's enough time for that to go down,
 but man, that's gotta be scary.
 - Super close, yep.
 - Yeah, somewhat scary.
 - Yeah, I think with some repairs, he's okay.
 He's being a little casual about it.
 - Yeah, and obviously, Yoh doesn't know
 that's the Imperialist TC, you guys.
 - Yeah, yeah, so he'll just take his time.
 - Yeah.
 - It's more important to take out the castle,
 and you don't need to commit,
 if you start dive bombing TCs,
 and then the opponent has a castle to actually do something,
 it could be really frustrating later on.
 - Yeah, and so now, Bombard Cannons are coming out from Yoh.
 Those are actually not the best unit
 versus the Monks in theory,
 but like, bro, Monks alone should not be enough,
 and the problem with the Monks,
 and as you said, Fatoria from Yoh,
 that's like, he loves that, actually.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah. - He's made three of them,
 and I think what you can do, as he's getting Archibes,
 which means his Bombard Cannons
 are now affected by Ballistics,
 what you can do with all the food income from the Fatorias,
 'cause you haven't been spending food for a while,
 is either sell it for more gold,
 or you can make Light Calf against the Monks.
 So, it actually kind of works out here.
 Every, like, Yoh has a plan.
 Look at the outposts on the right here.
 He doesn't need this right now.
 He has this game one.
 He's checking everywhere.
 He is on point.
 - It's such a good habit to get in.
 It's gonna prevent you from throwing games
 by doing these little things like outposting,
 taking extra resources,
 making sure your opponent isn't being sneaky,
 and now we're seeing the Monks, guys,
 while they're good at getting some conversions,
 they're not enough to push back,
 or to scare Yoh from pushing forward,
 and it's simply not enough here.
 Yoh continues to barge into Velez's base,
 and he's taken everything with him.
 - Yeah, Velez getting his gold upgrade, his wood upgrade.
 I mean, I don't see those being moves
 that can really bring it back for him.
 And while the population is inflated for Yoh
 because the Fatorias take up 20 pop space,
 he's got way more effective pop anyways.
 The villagers for Velez have nowhere to go.
 He's gonna have to start making
 transport ships at this point.
 And then try--
 - Oh, goodness.
 - Oh, another cast, though.
 This is like last game of the tournament,
 and you don't wanna resign, but it's rough, man.
 - Yeah, he's trying his best.
 He did convert two knights, and he's converting organs,
 but he still has no way to get the siege.
 Yoh could obviously always make more.
 He has a tech switch on the cards, too,
 if he were to want to.
 And what--
 - How is Yoh losing Nomad and winning five-one?
 How is Nomad the only map that he loses?
 It's literally his best map, from what I can tell.
 - With Spanish as well, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - The only game he lost in a while.
 The Vills are now rushing.
 Velez, okay, the monks are actually converting
 a lot more than I expected, to be honest.
 - They're sick, they're sick, they're sick.
 - Yeah, the organ guns are slowly disappearing.
 So maybe there is a chance.
 Okay, backing away, good work.
 And now you see Yoh getting forging,
 so Yoh's like, okay, we gotta be done with these organs.
 He's making Feitoria number five, man.
 - That's insane.
 And by the way, I always see this argument
 that people try to math out the Feitoria.
 I think that's incorrect.
 I don't think it's a math problem.
 It's a practicality solution.
 You don't need to put your villagers on resources.
 You just put down the Feitoria.
 It's less efficient than villagers, sure,
 but it's infinite, you know?
 That's so good.
 - People don't factor that in when they're crunching
 the numbers around Feitoria, oftentimes.
 - Yeah, I think the only thing about Feitoria
 that bothers me is when players go above four.
 Like, then I start to worry.
 Right now, Yoh is going to six.
 - That's a lot of pop space.
 - So he's got 120 pop space taken up by Feitorias,
 and he's got 55 villagers.
 So that's math.
 He's got like 30 pop, 40-ish pop, 35,
 to play around with military, and that's not a lot.
 He could throw this game if he doesn't have
 the pop space to finish it.
 Look, he's about to lose his castle.
 Velez is still in this game.
 - I think the big issue is like, oh,
 maybe Velez can go Navy and kind of stall it out
 into some weird Navy kind of situation
 and control the game that way.
 - I don't know.
 - There's an angle, if you can get the gold for that.
 - Like, I'm looking at what Velez is up to.
 Velez is going Pikeman, Cara.
 If he goes Pikeman, Monk, and even just has
 30 military of his own and pushes back these castles,
 he's still alive.
 He's still alive.
 I think Yo should have finished this game by now,
 but he's lost a lot of organ guns.
 He now doesn't have the pop space.
 What is happening?
 - This is so troll.
 Yo can lose actually.
 - Yeah, Yo can actually throw this.
 Like, he's making backup castles in his base.
 He's not even trying to farm either.
 He's just trying to, oh, he's getting Heresy.
 That's actually a really big choice.
 - Oh, Heresy's big, though, actually.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, Heresy's pretty big.
 He should be fine, but his units are all of a sudden
 really bad because there's gonna be Pikes on the field
 and then Monks, like that's pretty good.
 - And he's almost popcapped, too.
 He's almost popcapped.
 But what he did do is he got all the attack upgrades,
 which I really like.
 And I think there's a chance that he clears up this area
 before Pikeman show up.
 Here come the Lycab.
 - Oh, true, there's only three Pikeman on the field.
 There's a lot of Monks, though.
 Let's see the conversions.
 There's Heresy in, so the conversions aren't gonna be
 nearly as powerful, by the way.
 Big Lycab, and that should be enough, I believe.
 - Yeah, and that's gonna mean the Monks are gone.
 The Castle does go down.
 It wouldn't be surprised, it wouldn't surprise me at all,
 though, if Yo just makes a new one there.
 And the Lycab and the Organs and the Bomber Cannon
 can take all these Trebs.
 And Velez, great job from him to take out three Castles,
 or maybe it was two Castles over the last couple minutes,
 but now as the Trebs go down,
 he's gotta be feeling blue again.
 This is still looking rough.
 - Yep.
 Oh my god, those Trebs sniped a lot of shit
 before they got down, though.
 There's a Bomber Cannon going down, couple Organs.
 Always nice to see that.
 A lot of stone for Velez.
 In theory, you could Castle up and just wait,
 but look at the resources from Yo.
 They're flying up, honestly.
 - Would you go Cavalier if you're Yo?
 'Cause it is cheaper-- - No, 'cause they're Monks.
 - Okay, well, no, you have Heresy now, so they die, right?
 - Nah, you just go Hourglass, though.
 Hourglass is just a winning move, for sure.
 - It's just funny, 'cause he's only got 35 pop space
 to play around with, and he's making Light Cav.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - So it just doesn't feel like it's the strongest unit.
 He's actually thinking about switching into Navy.
 - Yeah, I think that's actually the best way to play.
 If you're not in a rush,
 ships just feel so oppressive now.
 If you can get a Gallium and a Cannon Gallium,
 that's insane.
 - Yeah, and for Velez, I forgot to check
 to see if he has any Relics.
 He actually doesn't have a single Relic.
 - He's got two S at his Monastery, though.
 Not gonna take those.
 - Oh, true.
 You know what happened is he tried to Eject Monks, I bet.
 - Oh, true, yeah.
 - And he pressed on Garrison.
 That's actually, I wish that would change that personally.
 If you press on Garrison,
 usually you don't wanna do it with the Relics,
 but I suppose I understand it,
 and he hasn't realized that yet.
 - That's pretty big.
 You're losing two Relics.
 That's probably like 400 gold that he lost
 just from that mistake, but nothing you can dwell on now.
 Yo, with the Gallium switch.
 He's almost playing this as if he doesn't mind
 playing another Hour today.
 - I know.
 - He's so fine.
 Now he's forcing Valescent to fast fire
 when the base is wide open.
 - Yeah, it's funny.
 I definitely think it's overkill, this many Feitorias,
 and we have seen games,
 I think Vincester was the best example,
 I forget which tournament,
 where over, yeah, over Feitoria-ing killed him.
 Actually, in Wondering Warriors Cup against Daud as well,
 in Golden Hill, he took the hill,
 and then he also went for five Feitorias,
 and Daud killed him with Hussar or something.
 - My man.
 (laughing)
 - So it does give me a little bit of caster PTSD
 when I watch this stuff, but.
 - Yeah, I don't think I made a Feitoria in my life, actually.
 I think I made a couple, but it's really nice
 when I play around with too much to know the sweet spot,
 but it makes a lot of sense when you tell me four.
 That's like 80 pop.
 - Yeah, that's fine.
 - Plus like 50 Vales.
 That makes a lot of sense.
 - If you're gonna go for this many Feitorias,
 don't have 55 Vales.
 - Yeah.
 - Then have like 20 Vales,
 but I think there's a danger to that, of course.
 - It's funny though,
 Yo is gonna lose this castle, right?
 He lost one here earlier.
 The stone just continues to trickle.
 So in his mind, losing a castle isn't really
 that big a deal.
 He could just build one later.
 - It feels like Vales is fighting a timer.
 Like, can he kill the castles
 before Yo can get back the stone?
 And it's just like,
 I don't think Vales is killing them fast enough,
 and Vales always has to invest stone that he's mining,
 stone that runs out.
 Feitoria is such an OP concept, in my opinion.
 Like, just infinite resources is crazy.
 - Yeah, you have fast fires though for Vales,
 and he's on the Galleons,
 and he's gonna clean up all the Galleons there for Yo.
 And Yo, trying his best to still take out this castle,
 will maybe need to switch into some fires
 or demos or something,
 'cause the fast fire ships could be awkward.
 And yeah, he just builds another castle here.
 He's like, whatever, who cares?
 - And why is he forcing organ guns?
 Like, your opponent has monks, just go Arbalest.
 If you just go Arbalest to ram,
 and your opponent can't do anything,
 like he's really playing his way.
 - As far as I know, there's like another,
 and there's the GG from Vales.
 I think they have like another set to play at some point.
 So like, maybe Yo is just like trying to dominate him
 as much as possible before Vales finally bends the knee.
 But man, I mean, I gotta hand it to Yo.
 There were many situations throughout this best of nine
 where Yo fell off and fell behind.
 Like here, Hera, the lane was the best example.
 He lost like five or six sheep.
 Came back home, pushed all of his deer,
 ended up shooting down the hunt,
 which I think was a really big deal for Vales.
 Somehow got to Castle Age,
 somehow just made everything look easy.
 I know there were instances,
 in particular the Burmese Turks one
 is gonna stand out for Vales,
 but there were instances where Vales get ahead,
 but Yo always just made the game look easy,
 like he had a game plan,
 like he knew what he needed to do.
 - Yep, congratulations to Mr. Yo,
 takes the finals, 5-1.
 I still think Vales is the big winner for the tournament.
 It's not even a talk about yet.
 He gets an invitation to the Red Bull,
 Wollolo legacy, I think they're calling it,
 the big Red Bull tournament coming up in October.
 So that's actually huge for Vales.
 Gratitude to him for that.
 - Yeah, and small clarification there.
 The reason Yo doesn't get the invites,
 'cause he, well, he already had the invite before,
 being a previous Red Bull winner.
 So going into this,
 the highest performer would get an invite.
 Yo was already invited, and now Vales does get that.
 So beating Jordan in his 4-3 set semi-final was a big deal.
 Speaking of Jordan,
 as this is the conclusion of the resurgence,
 thanks to him, he's been doing a lot for the game,
 obviously playing the game,
 but also organized and hosted this,
 and did a really great job at that.
 So I think combining playing,
 and I know you've done it, Hara,
 playing and casting your own event
 is really tiring and exhausting,
 and it takes a little bit more out of you.
 And so the fact that he was able to take Vales
 to the final game yesterday was really sick stuff from him.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 Congrats to the winners, both of them here.
 Shout out to Jordan,
 and also shout out to Microsoft for hosting this event.
 I really liked this event because of the Civ settings.
 I think it had some really cool things that it showcased.
 And yeah, just being able to see the players
 just kind of duke it out with different maps,
 different civilizations, it was been a pleasure to watch.
 I casted a lot of this tournament
 and watched a good amount as well,
 and I've enjoyed it quite a bit, so yeah.
 Just really solid tournament overall, the resurgence.
 Would like to see another edition down the line for sure.
 - Yeah, good stuff, man.
 And thanks for messaging me yesterday.
 I enjoyed casting with you today.
 Got to joke around a little bit
 about Wing Tussars and stuff like that.
 - True, true.
 - Games are good though. - You were right on that one.
 Yeah, yeah, no, it's been a pleasure, bro.
 I actually came to the conclusion that casting alone
 is so much more boring than casting with someone else,
 so yeah.
 I'm gonna be looking for some co-casters a lot these days.
 - I guess it depends, right?
 I enjoy a mix of both, but I totally understand that.
 So you get different ideas that come in,
 bounce off of your outlook.
 It's especially good when you don't agree
 with your caster all the time, your co-caster,
 which we had some differing opinions here,
 that it's always good because as much as casters
 may sound like they know
 what they're talking about sometimes,
 it does mean they're right.
 Everything depends, and it goes all over the place in age.
 - Yeah, and the last thing I'll say,
 I just feel like a lot of cases,
 there's different options, you know?
 It's a strategy game.
 There's not really one correct approach.
 Just having that conversation that happens throughout the game
 I just find this really healthy.
 But yo, thanks for joining me, man.
 It's been a pleasure.
 - Yeah, man.
 And I'll see you around, all right?
 - Yeah, sounds good.
 We'll take it easy.
 - Yep, see ya.
 Alrighty, so as we go back into the game,
 I wanna just show you some of the stats.
 Thank you to everyone who watched this video
 and watched the stream and all that good stuff.
 I appreciate you guys.
 We didn't do the thank yous for you guys
 'cause you guys are a given, man.
 Anytime there's an event, anytime I'm casting,
 you guys seem to show up.
 It means a lot that you do that.
 So thank you, thank you.
 What was Yo doing with Six Fatorias, man?
 Like, Six Fatorias is insane.
 And so I was a little concerned he's gonna throw that one,
 but also I was like half hoping he was gonna throw that one
 so we could get one more game.
 Wasn't to be, Yo the worthy champion.
 Good stuff.
 Now, I wanted to check, how many pigs did he lose?
 I think he lost five.
 One.
 Two, three.
 Four, oh, Velez didn't see those, okay.
 But like, okay, so that is actually seven pigs
 that he has not taken then.
 Did he get a single additional pig this entire game?
 That is insane.
 I don't think he did.
 He might have taken it a bit later,
 but he was down 700 food.
 And he had the knowledge to realize
 I need to take out his food
 'cause he's gonna be way ahead and somehow manage that.
 That was ridiculous.
 I think like how Yo kept his fish alive
 and balanced everything in this game
 was arguably the most impressive thing
 from the whole series.
 And that's saying something 'cause he played amazing.
 So, whew.
 (silence)
 (silence)
 (silence)
 (silence)
 (silence)
 (silence)
